# 26/05/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/874236/
## Minutes
### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)
- None
### To bi-pak or not to bi-pak (the return of the bi-pak?) (Luise)
- Can we use DSC for site specific QC?
 - Probably not - preparing samples locally probably has more variation
- Anybody not want to use bottles?
 - No complaints
 - Baseline ordering 3 times during production
- What about shelf life etc.?
 - Should be 1 year but may like to evaluate changes with time etc.
 - Should confirm storage/freezing etc.
 - Data sheet says open containers should be purged with N2 for storage
 - Glue should be stored in dry storage solutions!!
 - Storage with components may need to be avoided
- Conclusion
 - we go to bottles, Luise will send instructions
 - We will evaluate deep freezing polaris
 - We will check out dry storage gas out / store away from module components
### EC hybrid/module progress (Dennis)
- Does the design flaw comment apply to hybrids?
 - No, some hybrids had to have fixes applied due to routing errors
 - New batch of hybrids will be made so that those being sent out to EC groups will not need these fixes
- What is the copper weight difference on powerboards?
 - R0 asked for 35um on all layers - in end got 28um on outer layers, not sure about inner
 - Other is 18um or even less (same panel as hybrids)
- How controlled is the glue thickness?
 - Not at all - should be measured to compare to noise results
- Table of capacitance per module to be made for adding results to noise summary plot
### QC groups: weighing (weighing QC group)
- Noted that may need to check scale calibrations
 - Reference weights can be purchased and are not crazy expensive
- Strong support for weighing lots now to look towards reducing amount of weighing in future
### QC groups: bond pulling (bond pulling QC group)
- To 4th June
### QC groups: electrical test (electrical test QC group)
- To 4th June
### AoB
- None