# 2024-05-14 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1401783/
### Introduction
Presenter: Luise Poley
- Dennis: The update in June is during ITk Week
 - Luise: Yes, you’re right, we’ll fix that.
- Carles: (sl. 6) How does this translate to the EC? Do you specifically want to identify the module for cracking?
 - Luise: Some sites never completed PPB. For sites like you, it would be good to label these as PPC so we can count how many have cracked. If you haven’t built PPB modules, you should label them PPB
- William: Related question. We are doing 500 hybrids, which fraction of those are PPC and which are production?
 - Luise: We will label the modules as PPC and fix the hybrids later in the DB
 - William: We are starting to eat into production parts.
 - Luise: Yes, these are part of the production volume so we can account for them
- Tony: Does this mean everything labeled production as PPC?
 - Luise: Yes, but I understand it’s a lot of work. We should have a script soon to take care of this automatically.
- Sarah Heim (sl. 8): The organization per cluster is just for the chips or for the gel packs?
 - Luise: The gel packs are being collected by sites, asics go back to CERN
- Jaya John (sl. 8): When you say “return the items you don’t want to keep” might suggest to people that they may keep any items they want. We are working with CERN to allow sites to keep “display objects”, but this isn’t done yet.
 - Luise: Yes, I will change the wording just in case.
- Tony: You asked us to check the numbers (sl. 14). We wanted the local names rather than just the serial numbers. 
 - Luise: yes, it will be addressed once inventory is brought up to this page. It will be done soon.
 - Tony: Okay, thanks
- William: So it’s just a barrel thing for now? But I’m not sure if we’ve passed/failed. Is it written somewhere what the criteria is for a pass/failed hybrid. I think it’s fair to say 10% of our hybrids have not been decided.
 - Luise: You can check the reporting link and see what you get.
 - William: Okay, we’ll check it out and follow up.
### L4 Updates: ITSDAQ/Sensors/Documentation
Presenter: Cole
- Alex: wanted to mention that at SCIPP, the latest version of ITSDAQ didn’t work with the HV monitoring in the influxDB
 - Cole: Are you using the CAEN?
 - Alex: yes, it’s just the HV
 - Bruce: basically a caveat for the way it currently works - when the test runs, it reads the current, but it doesn’t read them continuously
 - Alex: yes, would be helpful to be able to see HV even if a test is running
 - Dennis: I still see HV from AMAC in influx in petal testing
 - Cole: me too, need to check up
 - Bruce: problem is that mapping doesn’t work, so don’t get mapping between module and power supply channel
- Bruce: would be useful to know if the change has happened whether people can still see the pictures/GUI for digital tests - if you can’t see it, would be useful to know
 - Bruce: but clear your cookies first
### Group Updates: QMUL and Cambridge
Presenter: Jesse Liu
- Sergio (sl. 6): I assume you are expecting to do the same number of cycles on an interposer module to test this out?
 - Jesse: interesting question - currently not 100% clear if this is due to number of cycles or temperature changes, and our current hypothesis is that this is due to excess temperature
 - Sergio: If there is a chance to have, in parallel, something similar with an interposer module, that would give a good indication that this statement is correct.
 - Jesse: That's something we will consider.
- Luise: For your point about monitoring IVs before and after HV tabbing and long term storage. We have excellent news. Xavi should be giving an update next week with a lot of great data.
 - Jesse: Excellent.
### EndCap Interposer Update
Presenter: Dennis Sperlich
- Sergio (sl. 3): You mention you can’t do this as a single sheet. I don’t think we should discard this method yet. Doing this individually is very time consuming. This is somewhat similar to the cores and the way we cut the sacrificial edges. It’s different, but I would imagine if you had a sheet and performed the gluing, cutting from the backside, this would be worth checking as it doesn’t seem too difficult.
 - Dennis: you need 100 micron alignment or better, with respect to the panel
 - Sergio: I would assume there is some edge around the hybrid on the backside, and that’s what you need. You don’t need to cut through the PCB.
 - Dennis: can try what you are suggesting
 - Sergio: It’s a big difference if we can do it.
 - Dennis: I'm not sure it’s faster. It might be slower than placing the individual pieces of kapton.
 - Sergio: needs to be tested
 - Dennis: I can certainly try.
 - Sergio: I think it would be easier to try the gluing step. Regarding the glue dispenser … in order to get full coverage, it looks tricky to do with a dispenser. It might be better to use a stencil to get a more homogeneous glue layer.
 - Dennis: Stencil is something we should definitely try - problem is it has longer turnaround times and needs cleaning every time, which is also time consuming. Not worried about consistency of glue amount
 - Sergio: I understand. But hybrids are not perfect.
 - Dennis: The flatness doesn’t really matter here. We get a defined thickness due to the glass spheres and the bottom of the kapton is flat. We put pressure on it and this should control the volume of glue.
 - Sergio: understand the argument, but not convinced, question of coverage
 - Dennis: 
- Luise: How much coverage do you get when it seeps over the edge?
 - Dennis: if I added to more notches, it would have started to seep out.
 - Luise: If you can help determine what the target should be, that would be really useful.
 - Dennis: Yes, we should try and do this.
- Luise: You said the hybrid was sliding?
 - Dennis: Yes, for these they were placed on a slightly sloped surface, so the hybrid could move over the glass spheres a bit.
 - Luise: this can still happen if we don’t use vacuum. Will this be fixed with vacuum?
 - Dennis: This could be fixed by the jig itself. The pressure should give us distance. For full sheets, the kapton will stay towards the surface. In both cases, mechanical pins will prevent the shifts between planes.
 - Luise: I like the proposal for large planes, but if we have to go with individual ones, this is reasonable.
 - Dennis: I can try cutting it with a knife
 - Sergio: it’s possible to get the kapton with precut edges in key areas.
 - Dennis: In the process of breaking the small tabs in the flex itself, pulling it in the wrong direction and you will peel the kapton. The force is quite small. If it’s too weak, we will essentially rip a lot of them out during placement.
 - Sergio: I’m suggesting you make the cuts in key places beforehand.
 - Luise: But you don’t need all the tabs.
 - Sergio: We could try to do some sort of cut in the kapton foil and this could be used. We should discuss this offline.
- Luise: For the glass spheres, at some point you wanted hollow ones right?
 - Dennis: Yes, but I broke them, so I think solid spheres are better.
- Luise: Do you want to try this pattern? Should we make it a stencil?
 - Dennis: Maybe. I can send you what I have
- Tony: Did you take a micrometer to the pieces you made to see if the glass beads controlled the thickness
 - Dennis: yes it did, used a caliper and the results were very consistent across multiple pieces, everything had about 460 microns, with the only change being between with and without vacuum
 - Tony: Okay, that’s the question. If you could plot that or give us an idea of the layer of glue you’re getting
 - Dennis: Usually I try to measure it. Generally 100 +/- 10 microns
 - Tony: That’s what we are seeing. Interesting you are getting this with and without vacuum.
 - Press it down with the same foam and weight, push down for 1 minute and the thicknesses are roughly consistent
- Sarah: I have two questions. The humps, you don’t think it will cause issues down the line. Are you looking for a way to avoid this?
 - Dennis: I can try with less weight to see if this has an effect.
 - Sarah: are we worried at all that glass beads in silicone gel are pushing against the sensor … guess there is another glue layer
 - Dennis: Another 120 um of glue and these bumps are much smaller
- Sarah: Luise’s plan of turning your pattern into a stencil. Why is that beneficial over keeping the full surface open with the thickness that we want?	
 - Dennis: it’s tricky, we would always want compressed glue to avoid big air bubbles, therefore we want dot patterns and compress them - much faster to apply a stencil
 - Luise: If you look at the last slide, the question is how we proceed. Toronto is in industry production, so we will be in the situation that we already have hybrids made and they will need interposers at the site, so we have to develop both methods. Stencilling is more useful to glue dots here. Even if the process isn’t the same, the coverage and pattern is the same.
 - Sarah: Okay, I get your point
 - Dennis: one possibility is to use a Gantry for this purpose.
 - Luise: We could.
 - Dennis: Nothing against stencils though. 
- Luise: To answer Sarah’s other question, the EC stats are quite low, so we want to keep the glue pattern as similar as possible so we don’t confuse ourselves. We in Vancouver were considering volunteering to try this out so we can do this in parallel.
 - Dennis: Yes, we can just use the ASIC-assembled hybrids.
 - Luise: And this avoids needless shipping around.
Everyone agrees to the plan
### Noise Issues at DESY Zeuthen in Burn-in and ColdBox
Presenter: Ben Bruers
- William: Slide 8: why does it say that counter mode isn’t good enough - what don’t we learn from physics mode? Otherwise just do a single panel test at the end and do burn-in in counter mode
 - Ben: Yes, I was considering this. I will ask if that is okay.
 - William: would be good to understand the requirements - surely, if it worked in physics mode for 80 out of 100 cycles and at the end, that would be good enough?
- Luise: is there an understanding of why this happens in physics mode and not in counter mode?
 - Ben: No, there isn’t
 - Luise: We want the thing to work in physics mode, so we should keep doing this rather than avoiding it.
 - William: I think we need a last test in physics mode, but okay, I take your point.
 - Ben: It’s something like 5% of tests fail.
 - William: Montreal sees this as well, and SCIPP has seen this occasionally as well I think.
 - Ben: asked JJ to look at one as well - good to know we’re not alone
- Cole: How much does the temperature change for each additional panel?
 - Ben: it’s all regulated, so it doesn’t change too much
 - Ben: also moved them around in the crate to see if more or less air helps
 - Ben: haven’t looked into it, will look into it
 - Cole: would be useful to look at the NTC temperatures
- Bruce: It’s probably a software issue. The hard part is that it isn’t easy to reproduce. We need to work out why this happens. In an emergency, it’s fine to ignore it occasionally, but this needs to be fixed.
 - Ben:: yes, fully agreed
 - Ben: we currently use two crates: one to debug and one to proceed with PPB
- Alex: You said it happens to 3PG, but does it happen to 10PG?
 - Ben: Yes, it does mess with all the tests
 - Alex: Okay, makes sense.
- Alex: For the ethernet card, you’re using the Intel chipset?
 - Ben: yes
 - Tony: we stopped seeing this problem; we had a problem bringing up the crate after updating the Arduino, but we’ve been running hundreds of tests without seeing this
 - Tony: may be an end-cap problem, or might be an indication
 - Ben: It happens for both. Mixed and unmixed
 - Alex: For us, we should go back and check again. This is something that might bass by if it’s just a few tests.
 - Ben: I can send you a script, it’s quick and will show if you have the same issue.
 - Alex: please share
 - Tony: Can we see the data loss from the pedestal trims?
 - Ben: There is, but there is too much log being printed
 - Tony: I’m wondering if there is a way to find this out from an old run. Maybe Bruce knows.
 - Bruce: not really - need to run checks manually, not automated output
 - Alex: 20 trims should be fast.
### ColdBox Update: Interlocks
Presenter: Ankush Mitra
- Luise: one question that started all of this was if people can run unattended. What is the situation?
 - Ankush: I’ve asked some in the UK group, but only a few
 - Tony: no one in the US is
 - Ankush: mainly wanted to demonstrate that things are working - can only do this for the UK, need other people to test US and end-cap boxes
 - Bart: Multiple UK institutes run their setups unattended.
 - Alex: I’ve found that if a problem was triggered during an IV scan, it tries to ramp down and then back up.
 - Cole: We are working on implementing this, but the implementation isn’t clear.
 - Alex: biggest issue for us is the HV
### Qualification Task Finalization: Hybrid Tests Summary for Modules
Presenter: Hao Jia
- No Questions
### Module Test Uploads: Proposal (Moved to Next Week)
Presenter: Cole Helling
- Next Week
### AOB
Nope