# 30/11/21 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1084886/
### Introduction
- Put link to google document for VI issues into google spreadsheet of all EDMS documents and also add to strip module TWiki page
 - https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/Atlas/ITKstripsSTARModules#Other
 - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Wz0AGhhRxJEstdy0W28KCHNPt69i1i2NIaYVqpiiShU/edit#gid=548678230
 - 
- Flags:
 - Also add one for mechanical stress (e.g. bend back flat, …)
 - Are flags resetted?
 - Some should always be there (e.g. moisture exposure)
 - Are schockwatch flags linked to database shipping?
 - No, and in a single shipment multiple objects can have individual schockwatches
 - In case of multiple flags, the interface is not obvious. In the we gui, need to provide both otherwise old flag will be removed
 - Additional: also should have a flag for “cleaning was required”
 - To be discussed
- 
### Task tracker items
Updates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda
And also task tracker for updates
- 30/11/2021: Barrel tasks
- 07/12/2021: EC tasks
- 14/12/2021: Barrel tasks
- 11/01/2021: EC tasks
- SMD tendering for barrel pre-production/production hybrids
 - Contract has been signed, task is closed
- Irradiated R5 module for December 2021 Testbeam
 - Hybrids glued onto sensors today
 - Vitaliy: IV tests on sensors?
 - No one from Freiburg here to comment
### HV tab update
- SFU will start with elemental analysis of contamination
- Tony W: circle imprints (slide 8, Kirstin) are from manufacturing process of stacking sheets during lamination
- Tony W: jagged edges: some days machines work nicely and we don’t see jagged edges, some days they come through with jagged edges - it is not understood
- Tony W: before we discuss, need to know from chemical analysis what is dangerous and has to be removed, or what can be accepted; and what cleaning process is required
- Concern at SCIPP: transfer of the contaminant onto other surfaces which are then contaminating everything else
- Tony W: need to understand better what kind of residue is a problem and what we can live with
- Tony W: yield currently at 62%, can be done through pre-production, not viable for production. Need to understand which cleaning is needed
- Ilona saw that SWAJ helped, but not clear how much that improved the yield
- Kirsten: cleaning can be done and helps but cleaning is not sustainable for production - can Oxford do the cleaning?
 - Tony: clean one sheet at a time, cleaning each sheet for 30 minutes causes problems
 - Ingo: believe it was 10 minutes in SWAJ, 10 minutes in DI water
 - Tony: does this remove only white dust or black gunk as well?
 - Ingo: black gunk seems to be reduced
- Tony W: alternative technology to chemical method
 - Chemical method it probably not suitable for production with the current experience
 - Look into laser ablation technology
 - Contacted company in Germany that provides a laser system for this and als send them sample material
 - Also contacted a Canadian company that can do this in house
 - Close to TRIUMF, so might be an option to do inspection there instead of shipping it back to UK
 - SFU/TRIUMF volunteering to test these tabs
 - DESY might have another machine that could do it
 - Would be nice to try it as proof of principle
- Craig: will Oxford play around with the wet chemistry?
 - Limited amount of options
 - Laser might be an option, but need to check results first, can’t plan with it yet
 - Need to fix the wet chemistry process first
- Forest: don’t want every site to have to do their own cleaning, SCIPP has SWAJ and can test cleaning, but doesn’t seem like a final solution
 - Tony: just no idea how to improve the process to make them cleaner
 - Can clean the HV tabs, but don’t seem to be able to improve results
 - Forest: were there changes between the first and later batches that would explain the different levels of residue? Tony: no
 - Forest: what’s the cleaning process? Tony: sheets go into ultrasonic bath and rinsed afterwards and dried
 - Tony A: wasn’t there a proposal to change the process, how often the bath is changed, orientation of sheet, rinse, etc
 - Forest: could do multiple rinse processes? There are waterspots on the HV tabs, which indicates they weren’t rinsed often enough
- Forest: asked for spacers to be placed between sheets when they are shipped - please remember to add spacers
 - Tony A: wanted spacers and stiffener material
- Luise: is there an interest for groups to have a dedicated meeting to discuss HV tabs (e.g. cleaning)
 - Tony A: need that viable 
 - Luise: maybe in 2 weeks after QA/QC meeting so that people have enough time to try this
- Tony W: currently in process of making more barrel tabs
 - Tony A: do sites need SCIPP/Cambridge to ship some samples for cleaning tests?
 - Tony W: should we ship out new batch once they are available or wait until after the discussion?
 - Bart: would like to have some of the new, but no manpower to look at them right now
 - Luise: suggest that barrel sites that want some sheets should contact Tony
 - Tony W: EC tabs need a couple more weeks
 - Tony W: tempted to hold on to tabs until meeting and then send them out when there is a conclusion
- Tony: need them in hand a couple of weeks before PPB
 - Tony W: will send out tabs early next year
- William: what about EC tabs? Are there enough for PPA?
 - Ingo: tabs at DESY are for everyone
- William: would we change to laser ablation (if it works) only for production?
 - Tony W: if it works will use it as early as possible
### Curing time studies
- Tony A: what this means is we can glue one hybrid and one powerboard on a module in one day if you have two shifts or an eight hour day
- Andy: two hybrids the position was out of spec, but were they bondable?
 - Tony A: yes
 - Question might be: can you still bond it on the stave?
 - Tony A: what we are worried about is glue on the guard ring, wire bonding angle and distance between hybrid and powerboard
 - Ingo: dominant for barrel, end-cap also has stitch bond question
 - Craig: in the past have thought that some of these specs might be a bit too tight, might revisit them through pre-production. Stave is less of a concern and item clash on the module will be seen before metrology
 - Luise: reporting these things will help to evaluate specifications
 - Tony: flagged as failed, build a module 
 - Luise: fail metrology, keep assembling
 - Craig: needs to be flagged in some way that something has failed (e.g. the test) but continue using it
 - Tony A: could put it in production reports
 - Craig: yield numbers are based on current specs, but could then later be re-evaluate
 - Luise: if test is out of spec, the test needs to be failed; if the component is still usable, can continue otherwise need to fail the component
 - Andy: need to be careful with this when calculating failure modes
- Tony A: does this lead to issues with tab cutting? 
 - Forest: cut on panel
 - Andy: vacuum is terrible on panel
 - Craig: first dummies on panel and vacuum there was worse, therefore baselined cutting on assembly jig
 - Forest: matter of preference and no method is perfect
 - Craig: have seen hybrids moving on jig, might have to wait if we need to re-evaluate specs
- Craig: important here is that glue curing with reduced vacuum time works
- 
### SQ Feedback
- Bonding requirement: only a cross or a 3 x 3 matrix?
 - Forest: no, need to stay with matrix; do those 80 wires still make such a difference?
 - Andy: groups have said it’s quite a lot of bonds already
 - Forest: look at some of SQ and groups are calling out they are good to bond one square over; part of SQ is showing they can do it, and part is that groups actually did the optimisation
 - Craig: we say you have to fulfill the specification of the bond, weather the peak is in middle or edge of matrix
 - Forest: sometimes see peak at edge not in centre
 - Craig: but as long as we fulfill the specification it is fine
 - Forest: but that is not optimized
 - Luise: groups might have reasons on why they chose this point
 - Forest: yes, but they not always explain it well (or answer questions)
 - Craig: 
 - Bob: agree with Forest: if have matrix does not make sense to choose a point at the edge of the matrix, groups need to show they have a plateau and you are sitting in the middle of it
 - Craig: show this with the matrix, but peak does not necessarily have to be the central value
 - Craig: does not look like we can agree to reduce matrix to a cross
- Need to show bond feet: is is sufficient to show this on the cicore card?
 - Gerrit: what do you want to show?
 - Luise: there is a requirement to show something
 - Gerrit: but it depends on substrate and how it is sucked down on every jig
 - Luise: have already reduced to to show on one substrate, but what object is required?
 - Gerrit and Forest agree: Cicorel is sufficient
 - Craig: does it have to be a chicorel, or can it be something else (e.g. hybrid)?
 - Ingo: might be able to pick any surface to show this
- Also allow SQ sites to only show they can build one hybrid type per site they are building for the hybrid assembly document
 - Andy: was ist for stitched & unstitched?
 - Vitaliy: show similarity so if you show it for one hybrid, can assume you can build other types as well
 - Luise: good, change it to new requirement.
Feedback for procedures
- Run numbers: can we agree on using run numbers as increasing integer, starting by 1
 - William: how is this for ITSDAQ tests?
 - Luise: to be discussed for electrical tests
 - Gerrit: are not date and time of test sufficient for sorting?
 - Luise: for reporting scripts don’t exist and sorting for run number is potentially easier than having to look up through other test information
 - Agree to only use increasing integers
- Shipping feedback about location of humidity indicator cards and desiccant bags:
 - Vitaliy: agrees that position of the indicators/desiccant is importantInstead could maybe also tape to side of the frames instead of using the channels, but would need to be tested
 - Luise: would be desirable for groups to start using something like this (and maybe develop something)
 - Gerrit: a bit concerned about having to build something new and need to find groups to make them
 - Vitaliy: need to have to avoid condensation at all cost
 - Gerrit: items shipped in moisture barrier bags stay dry for months
 - Vitaliy: but also in shipment temperature goes low and can cause condensation
 - Jonas: do we have any data that shows there is an issue in and outside of the module shipment box?
 - Vitaliy: yes, in a broken bag a card was flush on the top of the box with the bag and indicator had no path to moist air and did not trigger
 - Jonas: was there an air path into the module
 - Vitaliy: yes
- 
### Controlled demolition: Tails from the Crypt [Silicon]
- Postponed to next week
### 
### AOB
- This was Karola’s last meeting and the project will be worse off for it!