# 2024-06-25 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1401789/
### Introduction
Presenter: Luise Poley
- Carles: Regarding the use of stencils without the dots, do we have these for the concave PBs?
 - Luise: We do not. So we’ll have to use the existing stencils and somehow cover them up. But we need to have something made.
- Bart (sl. 6): I think Birmingham might be game to do some of these. I’ll talk with them.
- Anne: Is this the module with True Blue or False Blue?
 - Navid: [?] couldn’t hear it We have assembled this module with false blue and it is being thermally cycled 
- Luise: It would be preferable for the full irradiation ones to be in the US.
 - Tony: We can only do the barrel ones, we can’t assemble EC modules
 - Luise: Yes, you wouldn't have to assemble them
 - Sandra: We can handle modules for Sandia
 - Tony: We can glue them on.	
- Sara: Is there a time scale for this irradiation?
 - Luise: It’s the other way around, we have to know when the modules can be ready, so the sooner the better. We should aim to have these complete with the latest powerboards
 - Tony: It could be a long time, it could be months.
 - Luise: EC PBs are becoming reading
 - Sandra: Scheduling at Sandia really takes time. Last time it took several weeks for us to get the slot.
- Tony: The sample dimension is for the shear test only. And the peel test is for the full-sized object. 
 - Luise: yes sorry
 - Tony: Are you making 40 samples (160 in total) for each?
 - Lusie: that's how I understood the plan on thursday 
 - Tony: In these samples of just kapton or just hybrids, TC was about the stackup, do you still want to do that if we think it won’t do anything?
 - Luise: I had this note that we should attach to metal so we can thermally cycled them. So that they contract.
 - Tony: Okay. I’d be glad to take the peel tests. I don’t know if we split it 50/50 with the UK
 - Bart: I’d be happy to help. Depends on the timescale for the glue mixer. For peel tests it is definitely important.
 - Luise:
 - Tony: Yes, we can do 50%. But we need the material. So the hybrids without SMD. 
 - Bart: I think we need fresh SE4445 as well.
 - Tony: We’d be glad to make the 2x2s, but we don’t know how to do all the steps, so it might have to happen at LBNL. 
 - Luise: Can we ask people to go back to their clusters and sort this out?
 - Navid: Are we saying we need to use a speed mixer for SE4445, is that what Bart was saying?
 - Bart: I would say so, you can arguable go without peel tests [I think Bart said this]
- Andy: A default thickness for kapton and adhesive, should we also have one for the stencils/shims?
 - Luise: We have the targets but we are not sure if you do not use glass beads, we do not know how much they vary. 
 - Andy: Okay, thanks.
 - Luise: We can of course come up with a spec, but it’s not very useful without more data.
- William: We are already doing metrology on all the modules. Are we going to have to redo everything?
 - Luise: It is minor reshuffling of the fiducials, I don’t think you have to change much.
 - William: We shouldn’t be changing in the middle here, it would be good to know
 - Pete: it’s about the R4 and R5 powerboards which have changed their shape
 - Luise: We just need to make sure all the things match.
### L4 Updates: ITSDAQ/Sensors/Documentation
Presenter: None
- None
### Group Updates: Australia Cluster
Presenter: Judith Kull
- No Questions
### The RAL Magic Box
Presenter: Edd Dibley
- Vitaliy: system looks interesting, but how are you planning to qualify it - besides final checks, what’s the plan to qualify it?
 - Edd: I believe so, but maybe Peter could say something to this
 - [Navid is very hard to understand]
 - Vitaliy: It’s not something that has to be decided now, but maybe you could type it out in the chat.
 - Peter: the plan is to try each thing individually and see how good it is, and if it looks okay, that’ll tell us how good it is for that step. Looks okay for sensors, check for single module testing is next, thermal cycling tests to come
 - Vitaliy: But the whole thing would involve cross-testing the modules?
 - Peter: qualifying it as a single module test box should be fine
 - Vitaliy: but you will also do a multi-module test at some point?
- Luise: I was wondering if other people wanted to copy this, would there be a way to find all of the documentation on this? (drawings and such)
 - Edd: Yes I think peter has a file for the pcb and a couple of sketches when we put these holes in peter just printed a drawing. I am more than happy to put that together. If it's not in a file it's in Peter's head which I am downloading.
 - Luise: If you could collect what you have in a place where people could access it, that would be really great.
### Update on the Visual Inspection GUI
Presenter: Mitch Norfolk
- Luise: Amazing. For your upload, you say that the file needs to be sent to the web GUI, in principle, this can be uploaded with the upload_results.py command. 
 - Mitch: Right we haven't considered that as we use the package not the gitlab repo, we will have a look at that
 - Sven: Do you know if that command works with Windows? That’s the main problem with EOS
 - Lusie: I do not
 - Mitch mentioned linux will do the upload only windows is the problem
 - Luise: My main point is that if we can combine these, it would be more convenient.
 - Luise: For specifying defect locations, it would probably help if someone could click on the sensor segment, and for hybrids/modules, it would be helpful if they could select on parts there, or perhaps a drop-down menu if that is difficult. I believe there was a student at York, Andy was a supervisor … Andy?
 - Andy: I had a student adam that did this script but I haven't seen it since
 - Luise: But some of this functionality existed at this point?
 - Andy: Yes, and you could click on it and write a little comment and upload that to the DB.
 - Luise: I think this was really neat if something like that was already done maybe we should use that
 - Andy: Mitch, I’ll reach out offline
 - Luise: We can write what would be good for specifying the sensor
- 
- Peter Speers: Amazing^2: Regarding the save to local file, is that a text or dat file? Does it handle the images?
 - Mitch: No its just got the path to the image
 - Peter: Right, okay. We primarily do our inspection on a Windows computer. But this should still save us time.
 - Mitch: It's a shame about the windows we have a windows computer and it does save time
- William: I want to go all the way back to the beginning. We have been saving all our pictures locally but we haven't been uploading visual inspection images. Do we have to start uploading all our images to the DB
 - Andy: The model is to upload when you see a defect.
 - William: Yes, that’s when we did it. But we did site qualification a year ago. But EOS had some problems, and maybe I’ve missed something in the last few weeks.
 - Luise: upload to EOS is allowed as long as people don't upload to the database, the idea is the app will make it easier as EOS is just annoying. This will make it easier 
 - William: Is it allowed or required? That’s what I’m confused about.
 - Luise: It’s currently too inconvenient required, but the idea is to make this so convenient that 
 - WIllian: still a two step process on a windows machine
 - Cole and Theo: have we considered using WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
 - Theo: Windows is better now than it was; People on Windows 10 might struggle in comparison to Windows 11.
 - Cole: Should look into this
 - Mitch: we will try this out and write some instructions
 - Theo: will need to move to Windows 11/support for WIndows 11 anyway
- Theo: Are you also uploading overview images for every single module?
 - Lusie: At some point overview pictures were allocated, I wouldn’t say people should go back and do this. I don't want to put a burden on people. Theo, do we have a feature for this?
 - Theo: We have the feature, it’s just whether or not we should for every single module. It takes the burden off our own local storage. 
 - Luise: makes it easier for people to find 
 - Cole: if we have the room we should do it
 - Theo: if we don’t have the space, let us know, then we should discourage people from doing it
- Ewan: So for viewing images is the web app easy to use? Will there be viewing images using this GUI?
 - Mitch: We haven’t thought about this, but potentially.
 - Theo: once you upload you have the image, the person viewing might be someone from a different institute. At the moment it's only once in a blue moon but who knows during production 
### Adding Power-Cycling to Burn-In Tests
Presenter Marcus Wong
- Matt Kurth: I don’t know if I fully understand why we should do this. The idea is to observe infant mortality, so if it’s a test to induce it, I don’t see how that happened.
 - Marcus: Your right, that was ultimately what the burn inn is supposed to do we added the power cycling to add stress to the hybrids, It does not add much to the test, it helps to reduce the chance of other problems happening
 - Matt: not against anyone else trying it - more data is useful. Reluctant about adding another step to QC without clear motivation
 - Cole: Do we miss problems if we don’t do this or do we just add more stress to tests?
 - Marcus:I would say its on the lines of another stress test to better understand the hybrids
- William: I follow matts logic, when do we cancel burn in, we can now thermally cycle on our burn in crate thanks to peter
 - Cole: If there is a site that doesn’t have ITSDAQ controlling the power supply, please get in touch immediately
- Tony: What we saw was that in order to see infant mortality, we needed to add power cycles (at CMS), because that stresses the vias more. Don’t need power supplies, can use the powerboards. This proposal here would add more strain and would add actual stress to the system
 - Cole: would be worried about the extra stress on the HBIPCs, which we should maybe worry about, that’s the only concern I can think of
- Vitaliy: I think one way to think of it is how much is a problem you might catch vs how much resources you have, while we are doing the burn in the stress test does not add too much time and labor it's just a couple extra lines of code. It does not take much resources from people. This is less important, I agree we haven't seen anything yet but we haven't seen enough data yet. Descoping is certainly attractive, once the sample size is large enough to convince ourselves it’s not significant - would want to span different ASIC wafers and manufacturing batches. What Marcus did with his test is show it’s happy. Whether the step does anything is too early to tell. Descoping is to early we should wait for more information 
 - Cole: this doesn’t actually require extra resources at all - this isn’t actually extra effort, because it will be handled in software?
 - Marcus: yes that's correct
 - Vitaly: its so many milliseconds per switch
 - Cole: yes, still a moot point, as it doesn’t add extra work
- Matt: coming back to the point of Tony: via failures in CMS: do you have an estimate for failure rates?
 - Tony: It was 1 in 100 we could find, we fixed the manufacture with the hybrids and we didn't have it any more. The difference is all of the work we did to check our vias. That's what I know from all the experiments. This test is very marginal. Adding cycling adds more stress. I haven’t heard of a single chip failing. 
 - Matt: that's quite a statement that nothing has failed
 - Tony: so far, haven’t seen anything in terms of dead chips
 - Matt: the mission feels weak
 - Tony: this test has a higher chance of actually catching failures - at the time, we thought we should do it, but not obvious
 - Matt: that seems reasonable
 - Sandra: sample size of 200 hybrids
- William: I think we are in the process of replacing half of our early PB we may even be seeing some of it in our endcap hybrids. We may be at the 5-10% level of endcap hybrid production - is that enough for statistics, but we are no longer at 1%
 - Vitaliy: it's an interesting comment. I am not ready to state what my preferred number would be. When you think of chips you should think about wafers and batches. Hybrids are also important. I don't care where the problem is as long as we find it. Absolute number is also important. People should think about what number is preferred
 - Tony: but the number we have done with power cycles is about 36, so the percentage is very low, if we look at burn-in with power cycling
 - William: We should decide on this number before. Know what we are looking for
- Ashley: We are going to the thin copper circuits. We should wait at least a couple months. CMS was a special case with failing vias. We are in a much better place, much better QC on the hybrids. I would not feel comfortable until checking the thin flexes. We are a good 6 months away from getting the statistics
 - Luise: now we are thinking interposers this would reset the statistics. If we go for an interposer solution this needs to start from that again. We need to build some production hybrids before thinking of descoping
 - Tony: we can reduce the hours if we want, shouldn’t matter much, if the system is stable
 - Cole: I think we should stop talk about descoping we should just stick to what tony is saying and decide whether we want to just add this step to the test (power cycling)
 - Gerrit: please keep descoping in mind
 - Cole we should not discuss it until we talk about interposing.
- Matt: makes sense that more people start doing power cycling and 
 - Cole: we ask one more barrel site and then an end cap site to see if it works
 - Luise: we only have a limited amount of sites doing burn in	
 - Cole: I don't know how this would introduce new problems
 - Gerrit: It was brought up that powerboards on carriers are dying in test crates, which might be related to power cycling - is that a concern for powerboards?
 - Cole: Is this something that is specific to powerboards on HBIPCs? 
 - Gerrit: this seems to be a stress test of the powerboards - are we doing similar power cycling tests in powerboard QC?
 - Dennis: The failures are mostly wire bonding in terms of PB tests no there are not 100s of cycles
 - Gerit: the failures are the wire bonding?
 - Dennis: no, initial testing after assembly; it’s mostly communication with AMAC and we are nowadays using more functionalities of the AMAC with newer ITSDAQ versions. Can’t make the statement that no bPOLs have failed, but certainly fewer than e.g. 16
- Ben: We could add this to the hybrid burn in GUI, we mainly use this in the endcap, 
 - Cole: that would be great
 - Ben: shouldn’t be difficult. Marcus, how do you power cycle your AMACs, and it takes a few seconds to power cycle everything, so for a full burn-in crate with power cycling it would add 15-20 minutes to cycle all AMACs
 - Marcus: I do the same thing, I tested this with a full crate but I forgot how long it took. To get the timing right I had to eyeball it. I would see how long it takes to power cycle 36 hybrids and how long a full test took. After that it would take 40 minutes then let the system rest for 10-15 minutes. These are rough estimates.
 - Ben: okay, will contact you offline
 - Cole: okay, so Ben will try to include this in the GUI and then other end-cap sites can give this a try as well
- Tony: this is just lifetime about the burn in PBs it looks like it could be the encapsulation that is breaking things
 - Cole: we should still follow up on this
 - Vitaliy: it would be helpful to check with Timon
 - Luise: need to follow up and see if they did power cycling
 - Gerrit: what encapsulation are you using Sylgard
 - Vitaliy: Yes
 - Gerrit: this has been used for years and years why would this be breaking wirebonds
 - Vitaliy: after hearing the problems from LBL, did infrared imaging of powerboard and found that encapsulated powerboards had a much higher temperature than the ones without encapsulation
 - [Someone from SCIPP]: I think 60
 - Vitaliy: Typically in experiments they are kind of warm. I tried to look for the CTE but couldn’t find it. I guess it expands a lot
 - Cole: Can we get a few slides for this?
 - Vitaliy: looking into it
 - Cole: would be good to see the collated results
 - Vitaliy: results not completed, need to collect 
- Matt: my understand is previous experiments it wasn't a full encapsulation just on the bonding feet
 - Gerrit: used full potting before
 - Luise: so we agree to put this on the GUI for one more barrel + one more endcap site to do the same test.
### AOB
- No other business today