# 15/02/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1109668/
### Introduction
- Archa Rajagopalan - reduced pull testing volunteer
- Tony Affolder - visual inspection after each front-end row volunteer
- Ingo: Dropping test is extreme, but could reduce to sample tests
 - Luise: did not mention this specifically, but yes that is an option
- Gerrit: would like to see dropping as much as we can, but don’t see how we can already look at this now at ITk week; are you proposing to take these decisions during ITk week?
 - Luise: no, at ITk week have proposals of what to drop/reduce and what evidence for this is required (could be done with preliminary data); then make a decision at upgrade week (May)
 - Gerrit: why not handle it through clusters?
 - Luise: because if you do it through clusters you would have a lot of people to do the work in each cluster
 - Sven: could also be a group of people covering a topic
 - Gerrit: will look into this US internally to make sure all information are used
 - Sven: and we need to make sure EC is also involved
- Ingo: EC database registration only for PPA parts or also for prototype parts
 - Luise: mainly for parts that are used during pre-production, but other can be assembled there as well
- Powerboard Panel Jig:
 - Dennis: have given it to workshop, need to follow it up
- Follow up items:
 - R5 panels: will be done soon
 - Temperature correlated test data: will be done soon
### Task tracker items
Updates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda
And also task tracker for updates
- 15/02/2022: Barrel tasks
- 22/02/2022: EC tasks
- 01/03/2022: Barrel tasks
- 07-11/03/2022 ITk week
- Shipping readiness (incl import procedure)
- Hybrid crate setup, finalisation and roll-out
Tony: how does the scoping look?
Ash: looks good, five out of six hybrids on a panel responding
Beta tester from Humboldt working on setting up and documenting process
William: do you have an endcap panel to try this with as well? Ingo: yes, since yesterday
### New HV Tab Manufacturing
- Gerrit: great news. Sounds like the sandwich used here is different from the sandwich made before
 - Tony: buy material off the shelf, not each part separately
 - Gerrit: but is it the same aluminum?
 - Tony: yes, same material, same company, same material
 - Gerrit: any chance to get some of the new tabs to the US?
 - Tony: they are making 2 more sheets for us from which we get ~200 tabs that can be shared
 - Gerrit: will want to have some for the US, Tony: not many left
- Ashley: what is the availability of the material?
 - Tony: got a roll of the material, which basically covers production
 - Ashley: do you plan to do any QC on the material before shipping parts out?
 - Tony: only sensible QC is visual inspection, no longer disagreement
- Luise: what would be the timescale to completely switch to the new tabs?
 - Tony: depends on when the order gets out and if we get the in-stock machine
 - Luise: mid PPA?
 - Tony: then the machine needs to be shipped and we need trainingIf we don’t get that machine, it takes 3-4 months
 - Luise: we need enough material to test so that sites can look into re-evaluating their parameters
 - Tony: once we have the system, we could make the first sheet for EC
 - Luise: does not need to be EC design, just some tabs for the initial setup
 - Tony: so someone should decide how we distribute the tabs from the 2 sheets we have
 - Luise: let’s try to find a EC site to volunteer for initial tests
- Forest: is there still cleaning required?
 - Tony: not sure. There was a bit of dust on tabs but not clear if it was from laser or packaging. Was easily washed off with IPA
 - Gerrit: same process as used for bus tapes - if this is done correctly, it works quite well
 - Forest: will we have a chance to review the design changes?
 - Tony: will a quick new design for the 2 sheets now; once the process is in house we can have a more elaborate design review
 - Should then do a proper Engineering change request
 - Forest: could remove some of the areas around cutouts
 - Tony: Kirsten has same feedback as Forest
 - Tony A: will need to be more careful with packaging these in the future
 - Tony W: yes, learned our lesson
- Tony W: can we get our new design very fast, please
### End-cap frame/panel update
- William: the R5 test panel is for hybrids?
 - Kambiz: yes
- Luise: R5 module frame: one of the sensor sides does not get HV when powered through the powerboard (left side)
 - Carles: it was the ground connection on the bottom left
 - Kambiz: that was in the very first version and was already fixed; will check it to make sure
- EDMS review of panels and frames will be restarted, please leave your feedback there
### Proposal for QC procedure modifications for PPB
- Proposal: change to use new fiducials for powerboard on barrel module for metrology
 - Everyone agrees to this
- Tony A: do we still need to measure the slot and hole?
 - No, just use fiducials in the future
 - Sven: metrology document will only use fiducials and powerboard edges for groups that can’t use fiducials
- Gerrit: what do you use for the position - the centroid?
 - Sven: found good ways to calculate centroids of combined features, going to use that
- Sven: is there a powerboard like this in Santa Cruz already?
 - No a few ones to be hand-stuffed and distributed early, but not in hand
- Tony: centroid finder gives you the area, could be a good check
 - Sven: always have over- oder under-etching
- Gerrit: does Timon already have bare boards? Could put them under the smartscope and take a picture
 - Ian: if Ian can get a powerboard, he can put it under the smartscope
- Matt: fiducials on tabs means tabs need to be there (were accidentally chopped off at some point, need to keep them there)
 - Gerrit: need it in place, otherwise can’t locate powerboards
 - Matt: just a word of caution to remind people we will really need this tab there in the future
### Powerboard reception testing comments
- Tony: heard comments from multiple people. Slides are not in order of actions you want to do things
 - Zhicai: add links to pages
 - Tony: if you need help on how to look into the order, we could help
 - Tony: yes, or provide feedback on order of slides and how to improve it
 - Zhicai: let us know if you have suggestions
- Jacob: has the temperature test criteria been sorted out? That has caused lots of red for us
 - Zhicai: yes, this is a threshold issue which has been sorted out, not sure if it was pushed into the firmware repo
### LS module noise results
- Luise: do you mean only barrel modules or also EC modules?
 - Jacob: currently only look at barrel modules, but could also collect data for EC modules
 - Luise: in past noise peaks were a bit more varied in position. Is there magnetic trigger data of these modules?
 - Tony: no, don’t have this here and don’t know if LBL has done this. Can say that coil location is better controlled (also with new tools) so see more consistency
- Tony: Asked Timon if next version of PPB powerboards would be better/different and he said no.
- Luise: did you compare it with the prototype data? 
- Tony: this is planned to be done
- Craig: it is pretty consistent on what we have seen in the past with this version of the powerboard. But in some we had worst control with regards to the tools
- Gerrit: do we consider to make a certain amount of modules with an increased glue layer?
 - Tony: in the past it does not go very fast when going out. Only when going thin the change is significant
 - Craig: not sure we know this for the noise peak (certain about the capacitive noise). 
 - Tony: need to look at data points but thought powerboard is bowing away from module in DCDC area
 - Timon: the powerboard tools could have been adjusted to compensate for this
 - Gerrit: are you proposed to use shims to get to different heights?
 - Luise: would be in favour of it
 - Gerrit: PPA is the best place to do this test
 - Luise: might be worth trying
 - Craig: yes
 - Gerrit: would go to 200um instead of 120um
 - Craig: what the plot shows is very consistent peaks, not seen in past; now can look at other things
 - Tony: would be good to have more data for these plots. Stream 1 is higher in the outer channels than what we expected from V0 ASICs and there are these structures that need to be understood
- 
- Craig: any chance that the slope comes from glue thickness variations?
- Tony: our metrology is very flat and there is a bit of bow, but it’s the wrong direction (outer chips low, not high). Timon has asked about the referencing and if this could be a residual from that
- Craig: possible, have seen something on stave
- Tony: might be good to get some people together to discuss them
- Timon: can the tests be run with high statistics?
- Craig: they are high statistics
- Luise: would be good to also go to lower glue thicknesses
 - Gerrit: not easy to do 
 - Ingo: feel very twitchy about looking into glue thickness this late in the project
 - Dennis: if we find something that could be done, it might be sufficient to just change the pins on the powerboard tool
 - Gerrit: if we want to do this, we need enough statistics. Proposal would be to do this for PPB LS modules. At BNL we could to 5 normal and 5 with increased glue height. Have to make a decision rather soon
 - Luise: whatever you are willing to try is good
 - Gerrit: but it would be a community decision
 - Sandra: could probably also do something at LBNL
 - Gerrit: have to do some prototyping with glass pieces to get glue correct
 - Sandra: have done this in the past
 - Luise: could one of you try higher and one group lower
 - Sandra: will discuss it in US who does what
- Matthew: should we upload this test as failed in database?
 - Luise: these are high noise channels, so would they be considered too noisy?
 - Matthew: this test should be failed. Need to look at classifiers for these casesIt also is important if this is consistent for all modules or just some
 - Vitaliy: how does this pick-up evolve with irradiation?
 - Vitaliy: these features are undesirable, but we might have to live with them
 - Luise: would have to look at classifiers to see if these channels always show up in same region
 - Matthew: would be preferable if we could freeze the classifier for PPA.
 - Jacob: the high noise sensors on one chip might also affect other chips
 - Tony: we still need to tune the classifier variables for PPA
 - Luise: could also use uncovered strips for training and compare against other stream
 - Luise: would be good to see the magnetic triggering results. UBC has started setting up a system. Would be interesting to test this with modules from other sites.
- Action item for BNL and LBL: try out different glue thicknesses (higher and lower)
 - Gerrit and Sandra will figure out who tries higher and who tries lower glue heights
### AOB
- Sergio: finally got green light to ship EC cold boxes. Uploaded documentation to EDMS and link will be sent out.