# 15/12/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/927532/
### Introduction (Karo)
- Ingo thanks the whole community for being awesome :-)
### Task tracker items
Updates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda
- Production of R1 toolset Urgent
- Order for any additional hybrids for PPA Urgent
- Hybrid crate finalisation and roll-out Urgent
- Finalisation of panels for EC hybrid testing Urgent
- Finalisation of barrel module testframes Normal
- Production of the common jigs required in the EC Urgent
- Production of R0 and R1 test frames for the EC
- Production of R2 test frames for the EC Urgent
- Production of R3, R4 and R5 test frames Urgent
- order of powerboards for prototyping and PPA Urgent
- Production of R3 toolset Urgent
- Production of R4 toolset Urgent
- Production of hybrid/module tools for UK/China Normal
- Production of powerboard tools for UK/China Normal
- Production of stencils for the EC Urgent
- Production of LED bars for the EC Urgent
- Suction cups for the powerboardtool, lift legs, pcb+ rfid etc. Urgent
- Production of handling frame (foam) for test frames and hybrid panel Urgent
### EC hybrids, panels and test frames
- Kambiz is sick, will have to wait for him to get better to get update, if important news arise Uli will send mail
### Proposal for Site Qualification reviewer teams
- Signing up people and giving them time to react (say no if they don’t have time) preferred, having people sign up themselves might take too long
- Do we really need anonymity? 
 - We’re a nice community 
 - Specs are objective
 - Could cause other forms of tension
- Decision: we drop the anonymity idea
- When assigning the people (PM and module ACs) we will aim for a split between barrel and endcap people in each group
- Ideally also try to get several clusters involved in each group
- Communication should take place in spreadsheets
### Proposal for Site Qualification where to start
- HV tabbing not close to being ready for qualification
 - Should aim for some type of “best practices” document in the meantime
 - Some sites don’t have tools yet
 - Forest will send out recommendation for which tool to buy after consultation with Luise
### Database reporting
- Terminal mainly used for batch level data collection, GUI not as usable for that
- Reporting often used for batch level information, where the terminal seems more usable
- Work was based on guessing what people need, but more feedback needed to figure out what is really desired/to finetune the application
- Might need to form working group to look into this, ideally with both expertise from module building/testing community and with database/programming background
- Also have student from Marek working on this, will report early in new year
- How to deal with speed of database?
 - Are in the process of identifying speed issues with test server, production server will be faster anyway
 - Once we know final speed we can estimate time needed for reporting
- Most sites will want to check mainly their own data, would be quick way of slimming down selection
### EC cold box control
- What is the supply of air and nitrogen? 
 - Lab dry air from DESY (less than 1% humidity)
- Could be tricky for other sites if such dry air is not available 
- Is there a pre-cooling of the supply air inside the jig?
 - Not clear, need to check with Sergio
### Sensor bow measurements (prob. next time)
- Moved due to time constraints
### Module test comparisons at LBNL (prob. next time) reporting
- Moved due to time constraints
### AOB
-