# 26/04/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1109678/
### Introduction
- William: received some sensors 6 months ago and haven’t opened them. Do they need to do an IV curve?
 - Luise: should open boxes and move boxes into dry storage
 - William: are in dry storage
 - Luise: suspicion is that the issue is because of humidity exposure during transport. If they are stored dry afterwards, that should “heal” the issue
 - William: we are currently not ready to do the HV-tabbing, and to reduce the handling steps we didn’t to the reception so far
 - Luise: would be good to do the reception now, since you are fully qualified for it
### Task tracker items
Updates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda
And also task tracker for updates
- 26/04/2022: Barrel tasks
- 03/05/2022: EC tasks
- 10/05/2022 - AUW
- 17/05/2022 - P2UG Review
- 24/05/2022: Barrel
- Shipping readiness (incl import procedure)
 - Montreal got last export license
 - Vancouver allowed to ship out PP petals
- Single Hybrid Testing Database Implementation
 - No news
- Hybrid Burn In Software
 - Found that current issues seem related to dependencies to older ITSDAQ systems, being worked out
- Single Module Test Database Implementation
 - No news
- Multi Module Test
 - Tony: what do we do with the data?
 - Store results per cycle as results vs cycle array, then use data to find good criteria
- PPB Module for April Irradiation
 - Endcap module was just assembled, tomorrow IV will be done and bonding will be started
 - Barrel module: hybrids were bonded and tested today, module will be assembled tomorrow
 - Ash: when do they need to be ready? Luise: have no deadline right now
 - Sven: do we need a powerboard with pre-irradiated ASICs? Luise: yes, it’s being made at LBL
### Institute Contributions
DESY-HH
- Gerrit: cold box is sitting on same frame that the pump & chiller are sitting
 - Sergio: not exactly, chiller is lifted by rolling table, not in the same frame
Next meeting: UofT, Cambridge 
### Anodised Barrel Module Test Jigs
- Ashley: important to reference the parts together since this has impact on noise and the anodising makes this a bit more challenging
- Sergio: EC jigs have holes to connect banana plugs. Are they anodised?
 - Carles: they shouldn’t
 - Ashley: the issue is that in our design the lower part did not have a ground connection
- Luise: easier to check for the end-cap jigs, because there is only one jig and we can just connect that the ground screw is connected to one of the inserts use to connect the cooling tubes
 - Sergio: but you rely on two threaded connections to show this, which might not be as good
 - Ashley: For the UK jigs, there is a risk that the thread was not properly covered during anodisation
- Andy: UK does sensor IV on the jig, would that be a problem for sensor IVs?
 - Ash: no
- Andy: do we know if this was an accident by the company?
 - Sven: probably an accident, they probably didn’t read the instructions or this part was missing from the instructions
- US to check whether they have the same problem (probably not, because the jigs weren’t anodised)
### Status of the end-cap cold box setup
- Luise: Might be tricky to find volunteers. Will send this to module list, unless someone right now wants to volunteer. It would also be good to get a better understanding of the technical issues and maybe compare with barrel cold box
 - Wendy: what is the timescale for these projects?
 - Luise: goal is that modules for petals build for PPB Phase 2 have been thermally cycled.
 - Luise: there are modules available now for setting the system up
 - Sergio: some of the points can be manually bypassed during PPB testing, but this is not feasible for production
- Sergio: the decision of the position of the humidity sensors was already made?
- Sergio: polarity switch could be a larger task if coldbox tests show that the coldbox can not operate at 8 Amps max, probably one of the top priorities
 - Can be done by any institute that have the cold box in hand right now
 - Alex offering a polarity switch for any institute that will sign up for 
- Alexander: For the humidity sensor, did we agree to measure on the inlet or outlet?
 - Sergio: on the outlet
 - Wendy: we can take over the BNL watchdog PCB
- Wendy: for end-cap cold box software: requires changes in ITSDAQ to work?
 - Aleksander: no, should not be needed, unless something went horribly wrong
 - Ankush: software is set up deliberately to decouple cold box functions from ITSDAQ functions: cold box side can be run entirely without ITSDAQ
 - What still needs to be done on the ITSDAQ side: setting up for ITSDAQ to start data taking when it gets a message from the coldbox
 - Can be solved for one system and should then work for all cold boxes
- Wendy: would like to make this a qualification task for new York postdoc and everyone is very happy about it
- Cole: thought that issues B and C have already been solved (NTC position). Need to electrically isolate the NTCs and also increase the gap a bit
 - Sergio: reason why gap is a bit too narrow because this was designed before the final decision of the sensor was taken
- Aleksander: would be great to take and distribute pictures for others to see
 - Cole agrees
- Mohammed: did anyone test commercial PCBs for this?
 - Alexander: not that I know off, assume that BNL has already distributed them
 - Ankush: no, haven’t distributed them, wanted something that has all the I2Cs and all the GPIB setups, so it was just easier to make them themselves
- Sergio: is there any expectation that someone from Lund is coming back to this development?
 - Alexander: we are not leaving this work, but currently there is a bit of bad timing
 - Hannah: plan to have discussion at Upgrade Week about who can take on what
 - Should have that discussion at Upgrade Week
To be discussed at Upgrade Week and to be decided there
### LBNL glue robot setup
- Luise: do you have repeatability tests about the glue amount?
 - Thomas: have some data and all results in database are within specification
 - Luise: what about glue seepage and bondability/bond support?
 - Thomas: no glue seepage and no issues with wire-bonding
 - Luise: would be good to see the repeatability results
- Sergio: any other barrel groups using robots?
 - Vitaliy: yes, all US groups
### Study on module production rate
- Mohammad: issue tracking gui - you showed interest in updating this gui; it is not integrated with database or updated for STAR components. Any update on that? We have a new post doc that would be interested in working on that
 - Zhan: in database should not upload high-resolution pictures. Just need a text output from the program to upload to database
 - Mohammad: tool is not for uploading photos, just to upload arrays of numbers that will be uploaded to database. Was there any effort in modifying the script?
 - Zhan: did no work on modifying this script for new hybrids
 - Mohammad: would be interested in updating this gui, our new post doc just started and will have a look at it
- Luise: registration of components takes a long time. Did you look at guis that have been made for this in the mean time?
 - Zhan: it’s not just registering, but also linking the components and upload different results
 - Luise: there are scripts for some of the tasks, and some universal scripts exist (or matched for specific institutes)
- Luise: visual inspection you mentioned in bonding jig, is this only available for barrel?
 - Andrew: it was set up for R0, but for ABC130
 - Luise: would maybe also help to do the bonding jig for EC, if this is within the scope of the taks
 - Andrew: don’t think the task was universal
 - Zhan: only have experience with barrel modules
### DESY-HH glue pattern
- Luise: how well are the bondpads supported and how repeatable is the glue distribution?
 - Did several tests for hybrid glueing and it looked repeatable; only had one mechanical object for modules so needs more work
- Gerrit: it is really necessary to do a calibration step before glue dispensing, you should do this
 - Petar: yes we do this, just wasn’t mentioned in slides
 - Ingo: also do it during dispensing
 - Petar: and we use the time mode of the glue dispenser that only allows a set time limit for dispensing
- Vitaly: how similar is this pattern with other groups? Which dispenser are you using? For the powerboard, it seems you are almost making an air pocket. Would that be a concern?
 - Petar: will send an email to answer the first 2 questionsWe are still developing the process for the powerboard
 - Vitaliy: my worry may or may not be real, but thermal cycling objects could cause issues with the air pocket
- Luise: you might encounter issues with the glue pattern in the region of the bonds from hybrid to powerboard. You might have to adjust the pattern slightly
### AOB
- Next week module ACs are in AAR meeting. Module meeting will be chaired by Ingo and Carles. Please raise only urgent issues.