# 20/09/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1191856/
### Introduction
Slide 9: 
- Ingo: which hybrids should this work for?
 - Christian W: Should be for PPB, for barrel it should work for all
 - Christian W: it should produce config files for all hybrid types, but they might be wrong. We created, check them and I can update the code
 - Christian W: the scripts are currently not on git, but I am in contact with Ian
 - Tony: issue is that main branch was still local? Matt had some issues with this. Did this got fixed?
 - Ingo: you talk about the burn-in web gui?
 - Ingo: Ilona checked the repository and was surprised about Matts issues
 - Tony: it would be good to get this fixed
Slide 2: 
- Tony: tab layout was changed. Is there a list of changes?
 - Luise: just changed it for EC
Slide 6: 
- Tony: do we have a schedule for this?
 - Luise: we target Upgrade week for this
 - Tony: we need to discuss this earlier for yields. Don’t see a good reason to change parameters
 - Tony: can we accelerate the descoping?
 - Luise: currently, if a test fails it should be failed. But the component can still be used. At the moment we need to know how many components fail the test, but are still usable.
- Bart: we discussed planning slide (from Craig during ITk week) internally in UK and the need for 8 staves and 8 petals for the PRR. Worried about reaching this target
 - Luise: if we do find that things do not change much, then we could potentially use the current cold noise staves for this and then have 6 staves in hand. At the moment it is not easy to make this decision
 - Luise: we have already 4 staves and are currently building 2 staves (1 US, 1 UK) for cold noise studies; so barrel is not too bad (if those 2 staves can be used)
 - Luise: PPB petals is a completely different issue and they are on a different timeline
 - Luise: for the module PRR, the modules for the last 4 staves have to be build with the full QC chain. If steps are skipped, they don’t count towards this.
- Gabriella: we need to be careful to decide if we accept the staves with increased glue height for systems test, then noise should not be an issue
 - Luise: it’s not about the systems test, but the module PRR
 - Andy: then would the date for the module PRR move?
 - Luise: it depends on if the staves count, and how many modules we have to build to get all module PRR modules ready for the review
 - Luise: if there is a fundamental change in module building procedure, then it would require to build more modules.
 - Luise: until we know what we can do to fix the cold noise issue, it is not easy to make a statement right now.
Slide 10: 
- Tony: you cool down the chuck to -35C?
 - Luise: yes
 - Tony: how do you define the module temperature? Hybrid NTC, …?
 - Luise: is the code in ITSDAQ or do you use something else?
 - Tony: there are different variants in ITSDAQ, so it would be good to know which version we should use to get the right temperature
 - Ian: everythin is in the main branch now, the only tricky thing is to calibrate the PTAT output. This needs to be done in the same instance of ITSDAQ
 - Tony: would be good to have information on how to do this somewhere, or if not main branch which version to use
 - Luise: you could provide different temperatures, e.g. NTC, PTAT
 - Ian: we can put instructions
 - Tony: would be nice to have it on the cold noise TWiki
Slide 11
- Sven: just don’t use the scripts right now, we are doing some final tests
 - Sven: we will let you know when they are ready to be used
Slide 14
- Ingo: is there anything on the new frames to recognize them?
 - Luise: they are green and have only been send to dedicated sites
 - Uli: think Kambiz has increased the version number, but will follow it up
- Luise: do yo know when you do the slow control test?
 - Dennis: this week
- William: we can move the hybrids to only have half of the hybrids, but will have to do this by hand since the tools are not available
 - Ingo: just need to make sure this is communicated with the sites
 - William: yes, we will do this
- Carles: who is doing the trace fix on the hybrids?
 - Dennis: Freiburg for all that are still in house, but there are some in Toronto
 - William: we will try do do it with the hybrids we have
 - Dennis: if it’s already bonded, don’t touch it. It it is not bonded, you can try
 - William: then we would sacrifice those assembled hybrids?
 - Dennis: they can still be used
 - Carles: don’t fully understand it
 - Dennis: it only affects the physics mode tests. So the full test works, but the dropdown tests will not work on the non-HCC hybrids
 - Dennis: this only affects the non-full test tests. And there is a way to run physics mode without these traces
 - William: it sounds more dangerous to fix it on already bonded hybrids
 - Dennis: yes, because you need to remove the bonds and then re-bond it. Would rather not touch the bonded hybrids
 - Luise: and the next R5 hybrids for toronto you will fix before shipping?
 - Dennis: yes
 - William: will try with the 4 pairs of non-bonded hybrids we have (6 pairs already bonded)
 - William: alle the R5 PPB-1 hybrids then are good?
 - Luise: potentially good
- Carles: for R4 PPB you mean 16 petals?
 - Dennis: yes
 - Luise; would it be possible to order more?
 - Dennis: there have to be more for the production quantity, but not clear when they will be available (take hybrids for last petals from those)?
 - Luise; does the production QC work when you do the QC first before soldering the shield box?
 - Dennis: not really, shieldbox has to be soldered before AMAC is bonded
 - Uli: we didn’t have the shieldbox when the population happened
 - Dennis: which is good since we wouldn’t have enough powerboards for the modifications
 - Uli: will discuss if more can be ordered
 - William: we are doing a limited number of R0, R1 & R2, but is there anything we know already for the R3?
 - Dennis: not really. R3 has higher noise, but not as much as other modules.
 - William: so what works for R4 & R5, you will have to do for R3 as well?
 - Dennis: worked on the filtering and will also do it for R1 to R2
 - Dennis: R3 will be before R4 and R5
 - William: just wanted to understand the order
### Task tracker items
Updates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda
And also task tracker for updates
- 20/09/2022: EC
- 27/09/2022: Barrel
- 04/10/2022: EC
- 11/10/2022: Barrel
- R1 tool production
 - Will be sent out soon
- Endcap module thermal cycling setup
 - 
- EC hybrid test-panel finalisation
 - R5 panels need fixing
- Production of R0 and R1 test frames
 - No news
- Production of R2 test frames
 - No news
- Production of R3, R4 and R5 test frames
 - Latest batch has problems, but not due to design problems, but due to manufacturing problems, new batch will be made soon
- Production of stencils
 - R1 and R2 stencils in Vancouver, will be distributed soon
 - R0 and R5 stencils ordered in Valencia, expected next week
 - R4 ordered in Prague
### Institute Contributions
- 
Next week: SCIPP
- 
### AOB
-