# 15/03/21 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1008266/
### Introduction
- Question: walk us through the approval process for site quali steps:
 - Cleanroom document was approved last week already, was too late to sent out mail
 - By next week Tuesday people will be informed if step is now ready for attempting 
- Usually the timeline would be: 
 - Thursdays: announcement per mail that EDMS document was approved
 - ACs/PM/Cluster clerks check that site quali spreadsheets match info in EDMS document
 - Following Tuesday: announcement that step is ready for attempting
- No comments or questions about the ITSdaq part
### Task tracker items
Updates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda
- R4 tool production
 - Not received yet; expected this week, delivered next couple of day
 - Then do validation
 - Update in 2 weeks
- R5 tool production
 - Have received some tools
 - Update in 2 weeks
- US hybrid/module tool production
 - Send part that need remachining to company -> 2-3 weeks + time for metrology
 - Update in 3 weeks
- US powerboard tool production
 - Talk later
- Powerboard testing setup roll-out
 - Design of active board done; do internal LBL review
 - Update in 2 weeks
- Hybrid crate setup, finalisation and roll-out
 - Waiting for fans
 - Back-panel stuck in customs
 - Update in 2 weeks
- Production of stencils
 - Have now prototypes
 - Test within a week, then release for manufacture
 - Update 2 weeks
- Supply of miscellaneous EC tool common item
 - Still waiting for last parts
### US Powerboard Tools (Alessandra/Tom/Todd -> Timon)
- Graham: there is a fairly high temperature hike below DCDC; increasing glue height will increase temperature of DCDC
 - Timon thinks the solid copper planes in hybrid will mitigate this to a certain degree
 - Need to look at real object
 - Hopefully warpage of board will be fixed for PPB
- When will it be know how much the boards are bend and how unifor it is within the batch/panel
 - Once first panels are tested, can look at more of them
- What’s the specification for flatness
 - Timon not sure if it was specified
- Will the glue stencil be adjusted for increased distance
 - Haven’t glued a board yet, not sure if the current stencil provides enough glue to get contact
 - Probably have to adjust 100um thick stencil to be able to get glue in a gap of 200um below shield box
 - Increase stencil thickness and then have to reduce glue area at front side where the glue gap is smaller
 - Glue squeeze out in shield box area is not an issue for barrel
 - Not sure if all powerboards are same, so need some more feedback first
 - End of powerboard gap ~200um, under front of shieldbox ~120um gap
- Does the warpage affect wire-bonding
 - Far away from problem region
- Warpage caused by soldering in un-controlled manner
 - Probably same for all PPA powerboards
- Which parts used for site qualification
 - Qualify with prototype components
 - Tool can be used for V3.0c powerboards, but needs a pin to be removed
 - Then confirm with PPA parts
 - Hoping that for PPB warpage is better understood
 - Designed fixture of boards to better control bending during reflow
- Specifications for modules about glue height and glue coverage
 - Should try to make sure glue coverage is controlled if glue height can’t be achieved due to warpage
 - Glue robots (US) could change the glue pattern to achieve the correct glue coverage
 - UK relies on US stencil design ...
### Hybrid Crate Distribution (Ashley)
- Vitaliy: custom perspex carrier new information?
 - Is required to plug-in genesys into card guide of crate
- Parts will be provided but it’s each site’s responsibility to assemble everything
- Tony: does it come with bundle of software controls?
 - Will be responsibility of Ben, yet to be released
 - Could run into problems if we receive setup but can’t test it
 - Should at least provide people with a plan what has to happen once they have all parts and software
 - Uk has load that can be used for tests, US is working on one? Vitaliy: not sure about most recent panel design, do we have the latest? 
- PCI adapters weren’t distributed yet to the EC but barrel groups should have them
 - All EC adapters shipped to DESY Zeuthen, US parts shipped to BNL
 - When will EC ones be shipped out? No answer, will ask again in next meeting
- Is there a plan to have a traveling load for the EC? 
 - Difficult because very few hybrids available, maybe half a panel available
 - Could it be a barrel panel? Would be better to check setup with endcap hybrids to make sure we don’t overlook any problems
 - Ideally panel should have at least two HCCs 
 - Currently panel designs are validated anyway by testing hybrids on them
 - Is it sufficient to send out load with not all ASICs assembled? Not clear, will come back to it
- Is there any requirement for humidity control during burn in?
 - No, there is enclosure to channel air flow but apart from that it is just exposed to standard cleanroom ambient humidity 
### HV Tab Position on Petal
- When are module loading sites supposed to cut tabs
 - When removing the module from the test-frame for assembly, the tabs need to be cut in shape (e.g. with scalpel)
- Pepe suggests to move the cutting line to increase area of tab that can be welded to bus-tape
 - Nobody disagreed
- Not sure how easy it is to cut the HV tab to the correct size
 - Might help to use pads on test-frame as reference to know where to cut
- Some tabs are not fully centered
 - Should not change the tool if possible
 - But, might be easy to change bus-tape design
 - Need to make sure first that the module models are correct
 - Models were made by using the tool models
- Are tabs wire-bonded or wedge-bonded to petal and have there been thermal studies with regards to the long tabs?
 - Only petal at Freiburg with tabs will be tested cold, so will notice if something happens
 - Vitaly: propose to do tests just with tabs
 - Petal HV-tabs will be tab-bonded to petal
### AOB
- None