# 28/04/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/874232/
## Actions carried over
NONE
## Minutes
### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)
- Craig proposes QC working group discussions next two weeks 
 - Module and Hybrid assembly and Metrology next week (actually in QC meeting)
 - Bond pulls, weighing and electrical tests week after
 - Craig will mail around this proposal
### Hybrid-sensor gluing at DESY (Will)
- Storage (temp etc.)
 - Would be good to get a clear recommendation on how to handle/store etc.
- Temperature
 - Note that room temperature makes a big difference when depositing
- Batch changes
 - Do you have a sense about whether the appearance of the glue correlates at all with the amount of hardener
 - We are weighing it anyway so the ratio is correct
 - Reminder of discussion from a couple of weeks ago that the only way to avoid the issues with bipaks seems to be to mix ourselves
 - Need to keep an eye on this if changes are seen even with accurate hardener ratios
 - Could be a chemical composition change!!
 - All of available information does seem to suggest that the best way to go is to go down the route of buying bottles and mixing ourselves
 - Bottles to go through chemical composition analysis?
 - Costs more but gives confidence....
- Can we buy direct from Polaris rather than over Andover
 - Polaris not responsive, Andover is distributor
 - To be investigated (Gerrit)
### Visual Inspection (Jane)
- Is this visual inspection or metroloy?
 - Visual inspection
- Taking a photo of modules is accepted (to track any damage etc.) but method is up to institutes
 - Stitching from microscope or a single photo setup such as shown here
### Gluing stencils for the EC star power-boards (Alessia)
- Do you know the coverage after compression given that the volume is dependent on stencilling details
 - Have not measured the coverage after gluing as yet
 - Glue has been weighed, will be compared to expected calculated values
### AoB
- P2UG meeting collides with next Tuesday module meeting
 - Next Tuesday module meeting is cancelled
 - First set of 3 QC group updates in Thursday QC meeting
 - Second set in module meeting in two weeks