# 14/01/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/874164/
## Actions carried over
1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish)
## Watching brief
Item | Responsible | Next update expected
HV tab bonding | Jens | 03/02/2020
Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 03/02/2020
Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 03/02/2020
Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 03/02/2020
Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 03/02/2020
Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 03/02/2020
EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 03/02/2020
EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 03/02/2020
Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 03/02/2020
- People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!)
- Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting
## 
## Minutes
### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)
- Anything else than in list on page 2? No comments
 - Dave: how do I understand a watching brief? 
 - Give regular updates, more focus on those topics than usual
- What are QC groups supposed to do? 
 - Look through existing documents, identify open issues, present during ITk week what needs to be tackled next, what status is in general
 - Need nice instructions for pre-production, QC groups are supposed to bring us closer to a state where we have those
 - Groups need to comply with documents provided!
 - Bob volunteers for electrical tests
 - Start from documents that were written for module FDR
### Site Qualification Survey (Karola)
- No questions
### FMC-DP Status (Craig)
- Send email to Craig if you need a “multi module to nexys” card (aka FMC-DP) by ITk week or afterwards
- Update google doc (linked in slides) for DAQ board counting
### AoB
- None
## New Actions
1. Send site quali document email (Karola)