# 11/08/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/927514/
## Minutes
### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)
- Gerrit brings up “the EFuse discussion” (AMAC review questioned EFuse rad resistance)
 - We should prep a way to deal with this in case we do have a problem
 - E.g. pull wires at stave loading?
 - No prob in module cold test, Efuses can still be used there
 - Paul: there is zero evidence that EFuses are not rad hard enough, don’t go crazy yet!
 - Ash: is HCC also potentially affected?
 - Paul: same issue would affect HCC, yes, but let’s see if we do have a problem first and also there should be straight forward mitigation options
 - Ingo: we did not really test drive the EFuse after irrad, have we?
 - Craig: no, but we can take TID-ed hybrids and do that first check
 - Paul: lifetime checks however take longer and are also needed
 - Tony: we have some confirmation from the person who did the IP for nr of cycles etc that there should not be a lifetime issue
- Module and sensor specs don’t match with respect to bad channels (1% in modules vs 2% for sensors) → have to change this so it matches
- Module document specifies wider thickness range than sensor documents, was probably taken from outdated information. Needs to be updated
- Endcap hybrids in their current version rejected, Kambiz is not connected so will have to be followed up offline. 
 - Should have dedicated presentation about problems and solutions in next module meeting!
- Dennis will go through power board comments and check which ones apply to specific type and which ones apply to all of them and implement them accordingly 
- Barrel tools rejected, Sven will update barrel tools according to comments 
- Endcap tools: some comments seem more like “rejected” than “accepted with warning”
 - Marc doesn’t know how to proceed, since every time new things come up
 - Not clear how to get to final design
 - First step: copy all comments into common document, sort out all that are not strictly necessary for working tool and reject those
 - Implement remaining ones and declare result final design
- Things that got rejected have to be reviewed again, what’s the deadline for that?
 - Worrisome if new versions are on EDMS later than two weeks from now
 - Should try have things accepted by the end of this month or latest mid September
- Barrel power board pickup tool doesn’t match endcap tool why?
 - Barrel tool follows endcap tool since that design was available first
 - Not completely true because some changes were made to endcap design later
 - How to proceed? → should check that final versions are compatible
 - Problem because hybrid designs not final (R5)
 - Should target to keep all files belonging to one type in one document
 - Approve what is there now, reject the whole set once missing designs become available and “re-review” whole set (by basically just looking at new drawings)
- Task tracker:
 - Endcap tool production → Karo to send list of names to Craig to add as responsibles
 - Lot of tasks for modules, but all are important so removing any doesn’t seem sensible
 - Any tasks missed? No comment, will add link to task tracker to agenda
 - Have to follow up on tasks somehow, might be too much for module meeting
 - Reports could be in form of text added to tracker or slides presented in meeting
### Cicorel discussion (Simon, Gerrit, Karo)
- Delvotec ones are smaller than Hesse ones, but not limited in supply, about 240 and 280 US$ per piece (5cm by 5cm)
 - Seems rather expensive (about 10 times more expensive than other quotes)
- US buys directly from Hesse, no intention to buy anything else
 - ~21$ per board, delivery time 6-8 weeks
 - Would they buy for whole US? Yes
 - Could they buy for all sites? Have to check in kind contributions since whole order quite expensive
 - UK quote in the middle, about 55 Euro per board
 - Only 100 boards left though
 - US to buy for themselves, Endcap and Barrel combine orders?
 - Has anybody contacted cicorel directly? Not sure how, has been done in the past so there should be a way to do so
 - Bart will try to dig up old conversation with them
 - US has very good working relationship with Hesse USA and they insist on getting results from Hesse boards 
 - Do we have to give feedback to Hesse all the time? Not clear yet
 - Final decision: figure out if we can order directly from Cicorel, US probably to buy their own boards. To be re-discussed once we get info from cicorel
### Karo’s discussion wishlist (Karo as herself)
- QA/QC documents:
 - Step by step guide nice, but might be too much work
 - Find new set of people or every institute on their own? Sound less desirable
 - Could consider full document and having joined google doc with short lists where things that are not as important are removed → live document to be used during pre-production A
 - Full document is what has to be used for site qualification
 - If we need shorter versions of documents, we need to find time to get them done
 - What do we want from short version? Can be printed out and put next to setups for cross-checking what to do
 - How much detail? Isn’t it site specific?
 - Suggestion: keep documents as they are, sites to make their own detailed checklists
 - Would be helpful to have examples from sites as guidelines for others
 - Collect them on twiki?
 - QC groups to mail Craig and Ingo to announce when document is ready, put it on EDMS, kick off review, sites can upload detailed checklists to site qualification twiki → Karo will add bullet points for every site to do so
 - Documents need to include database upload guidelines
- IV curves
 - Temperature and humidity requirements don’t match in sensor and module documents, need to make sure this gets adjusted
 - Some documents lack info wrt temp and humidity 
 - Have to vote on maximum voltage (500V vs 700V)
 - Temperature just need to be stable, exact value not important. Correct results to 20C afterwards
 - Measure temp of jig to get temp? Could just attach NTC to chuck. Should make sure what we plan to do isn’t unnecessary overkill
 - Luise will look into cleanroom requirements
 - Karo and Bart to summarise testing requirements wrt humidity
 - Have to figure out process for how to decide on maximum voltage
 - What makes the most sense scientifically and what is available? Need to find group of people that can look into this and make a decision based on facts
 - Vitaliy and Ingo to arrange meeting for this (ITk week? Might be too late)
 - Situation different for different clusters depending on where the sensor QC takes place → might have different final decision for different clusters
 - Invite all sites to that meeting so they can give input about eventual limitations at their site
- Hardware for burn-in and cold box
 - Need to let sites know what to buy in terms of power supplies etc.
 - Are missing information from DESY wrt endcap cold box and burn-in hardware
 - Will discuss what we can in this week’s QA/QC meeting and discuss leftover things in the module meeting next week