# 18/10/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1191860/
### Introduction
Slide 5
- Bart: do we wait for all institutes before we do descoping?
 - Luise: no. Use the data to start the descoping process
- Bart: there are also issues with repeatability of ASIC pull tests
 - Luise: should be fed back to ASIC group
Slide 4
- Carles: R4/R5 powerboards on module are obsolete in the database and they are now separate entities. Should be changed
 - Luise: yes, will look into it
 - Dennis: they are also bonded differently
 - Dennis: the flex is the same, but the AMAC is bonded differently
- Theo: what is the sensor ATLAS dummy?
 - Luise: this is a dummy that can be assembled for a mechanical dummy
 - Luise: do you want this removed as well?
 - Carles: this was made for the prototype phase, and EC sites still in prototype phase they still need this
 - Luise: EC needs this, but could be removed for barrel
 - Hannah: what type of mechanical? Electro-mechanical or pure mechanical
 - Luise: either
 - William: hybrids also have both chips be able to attach. Do we keep this?
 - Luise: some groups still use the V0, so will keep them
 - William: there are a lot of children for hybrids
Slide 6
- Carles: Sergio is OK to send shipments to each site if we can get a list of recipients
 - Sergio: need a clear list of recipients and numbers for each site
 - Luise: yes, we can provide this
 - Sergio: just received notification that package has been shipped to DESY
### Task tracker items
Updates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda
And also task tracker for updates
- 18/10/2022: EC
- 25/10/2022: Barrel
- 01/11/2022: EC (Flex QC review)
- 08/11/2022: Barrel
- R1 tool production
 - First emails from people shipping things back received (appreciated), please get in touch
- Shipping readiness (incl import procedure)
 - Three year deadline is not as strict as we thought
- Powerboard testing setup roll-out
 - Zeuthen has a working setup now
- Endcap module thermal cycling setup
 - All cold boxes sent out
- EC hybrid test-panel finalisation
 - New set of gerber files produced, numbering on panels changed (match database numbers now), EDMS review expected soon
 - New round of R5 panels produced and distributed, expected in two weeks
 - Will have an EDMS review
 - 2 weeks for new panels means when until they arrive in Freiburg, will time be needed for tests
 - Expect these can be used for next round hybrid production in Toronto (for four hybrids per panel)
- Production of R0 and R1 test frames,Production of R2 test frames
 - Need to understand if blind vias are necessary for noise
- Production of R3, R4 and R5 test frames
 - New round produced and sent out to sites who requested them
 - William: do we expect to be able to make the decision about using new test frames with the limited statistics we have?
 - Dennis: should be obvious for these very noisy powerboards
 - William: with the current noise levels, might be difficult to see small improvements
 - Dennis: might be difficult to see if it is much better or much worse
 - Luise: should be able to tell when we move modules to petals
 - Dennis and William: should be able to judge frame then
- Modules for Test Beam
 - SS module in Birmingham being wirebonded today
 - Parts for irradiated R4 module shipped to Vancouver and about to arrive soon
### Institute Contributions
Freiburg
- Luise: for powerboard review, can we get a current status about this?
 - Dennis: have not heard anything from Peter
 - Uli: what do we do if there are no comments until Friday?
 - Luise: will send a reminder and hopefully get some Peter time by end of the week
 - Uli: we donâ€™t wait for this design to be produced, will Dennis already start changing the other designs?
 - Dennis: I will start doing it in the same way as the R4/5 design
 - Luise: R3 are they derived from r4/5?
 - Dennis: the process itself needs to start over again, but with the latest feedback
 - Luise: there will be some time before the R3 come out, so that the reviewers have some time
- Luise: do we want stacked vias for R4/5 ?
 - Dennis: can decide later, fast tracked is variant 1 and maybe 3 (but probably later)Want stacked vias for validation
 - Luise: stacked vias will exist already?
 - Dennis: want to compare against everything else
 - Luise: for my understanding, there was a stacked via version but then Wuerth said they could not produce this and the design needed to be changed
- Luise: will send around a reminder email
- Ashley: will review them tomorrow. Are they on EDMS?
 - Dennis: no, but link has been send via email
Next week: Sheffield
### Halfmoon pull testing (batch-based)
- Ingo: can you upload the slides?
 - Luise: yes, I can do this
- Bart: we did wire-bond pull tests on all batches we received. How is this done since we are also a module assembly site? Do you still want some batch based / shipment based pull tests?
- 
### AOB