# 24/08/21 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/1054927/ 
### Introduction
- See Craigs Intro slides
 - For full test upload all the respective results as attachments?
 - Yes, the PDF, ROOT and TXT files
 - Individually for all hybrids, also if on panel (there is no panel wrapper)
 - Isn’t that a bit error prone?
 - Yes, soon to be automated for error reduction
 - ITSDAQ can already output JSON and this is being debugged, so automation is imminent
 - Tony/Vitaliy: we really need this for PPB
- Discussion about DB implementation
 - Please do not change anything in hybrids and modules
 - Instead contact Sven to have what you need implemented, he will have it ready for ITkweek
- Requirements for PPA modules, for discussion
 - Slides will be uploaded to the agenda with modifications from discussion in this meeting
 - Please for IV curve submit the IV data points as a file in some form (e.g. attachment in DB)
 - Module reception is also relevant for sites that have distributed production, not just for HV tab reception
 - How can metrology not be included?
 - You have to show that your hybrids / modules are in spec, but you can do it freestyle and without the DB interactions so far, as these documents are not released yet and we want to speed up somewhat
- 
### Task tracker items
Updates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda
And also task tracker for updates
- R0 tool production
 - Toronto tools received, but some pickup tools do not fit the hybrid panel jigs, how should this info be shared?
 - Make a shared sheet and list observations, circulate via modules list
- Shipping readiness (incl import procedure)
 - Successfully shipped ASICs Ca -> UK with acquired licence
 - Sites should check if they need export licences for assembled items
- EC hybrids/powerboard tendering
 - Skipped due to holiday season
- Powerboard testing setup roll-out
 - Another issue with FPGA setup USB communication (noise impact, need filters), working on fix, hope that is the last issue to come up
- Endcap module thermal cycling setup
 - See slides in today's agenda
- US module thermal cycling setup
 - Done with humidity study
 - Working on 2nd box to get it working now
 - All sites woking on their cold boxes
- EC hybrid test-panel finalisation
 - Skipped due to holiday season
- EC multiple module box transport box
 - Box with mechanical R2 on way to Toronto
- Production of bonding and testing jigs
 - Shipments were started
 - Marcela asked to please check / fill addresses and contact information
 - Please check the shipping addresses, names, and phone numbers listed in the table: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QdbWKPLVTP1uK6mV2fKNJh7lo0UFF-Fhqb8GB_p4pVY/edit?usp=sharing and update if necessary. Write me your comments, if any. 
- Production of R0 and R1 test frames
 - Australia had questions from their vendor to be answered by Kambiz
- Production of R2 test frames
 - No questions from companies yet
- Production of R3, R4 and R5 test frames
 - Toronto also had questions from their vendor to be answered by Kambiz
- Production of stencils
 - About half of the stencils are completed
 - Fast shipment will be sent to Canada
- Production of module frame cover
 - All in transit or in transit preparation
### EC coldbox update
- Need help from colleagues for assembly of some items
 - Jig plate assembly (mechanical experience)
 - Cabling (lab electronics experience, soldering, small connectors)
 - Final box assembly (both skill sets needed)
 - Help would be great if it arrived early October for 1-2 weeks, even days
 - Please consider sending trained personnel to DESY to speed up the delivery process 
- List of items will be provided
 - Chillers should already have been procured
 - Ideally also power supplies
- Please also list info on covid measures in Germany for helping a site to decide if they can send folks
- Zdenek offered help
### Sensor visual inspection
- Hard to find the exact strip
 - Would probably be ok to best effort find the closest strip
 - If not at all possible, mark in overview picture where the defect was seen
- What about known defects? Can we avoid finding them again?
- Document should also include the defect types from the sensor group
- We will likely use the text from the sensors doc in the modules doc and link to the sensors one in some way?
### Hybrid Glue Weight Tolerance Calculation
- Craig: We should assume correlation between ASIC glue amounts and such use the “adding tolerances” version (version 2)
- General agreement
### Module Metrology EDMS Review
- Off topic but important - we need to organise a meeting to ensure we have the relevant DB upload scripts in for the metrology (and other items) in the common git repros
 - There will be alternative options, SCIPP has some, Liverpool will provide some, there might be further ones
- In Appendix of metrology procedure, have a table with hybrid/powerboard thicknesses (one value for each type)
- Bow:
 - Tilt correct data by fitting a plane and correcting plane to be flat
 - Find your highest point and your lowest point
 - Assume either convex or concave (so far seen to be good assumption)
 - Bow value is difference between highest and lowest point
 - Sign is given by which of highest and lowest is closest to the centre (expectation is one will be at an edge, one will be at the centre)
### AOB
- All minutes now visible at:https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1yvCa8qAFvchv2YjjTv6Z9OJ5AieusgtD?usp=sharing