# 11/02/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting
https://indico.cern.ch/event/874221/
## Actions carried over
NONE
## Watching brief
Item | Responsible | Next update expected
HV tab bonding | Jens | 27/02/2020
Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 02/03/2020
Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 02/03/2020
Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 02/03/2020
Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 17/02/2020
Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 28/02/2020
EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 17/02/2020
EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 02/03/2020
Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 29/02/2020
- People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!)
- Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting
## 
## Minutes
### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)
- Nothing to report
### DCDC coils (Satish)
- Are the QC boundaries acceptable from a powerboard performance point of view?
 - Satish thinks they are but there doesn’t seem to be any data to back this up
 - Specs defined more by what is possible with available wire rather than being led by ATLAS performance specs
- How many samples will be tested?
 - 10 samples from each 1/50 of production
 - 500 coils total
- How was the quantity evaluated?
 - EC 10,000 makes sense after discussion with production management
 - 16,000 for barrel makes sense to Dennis but looks like overhead is slightly different
 - The risk of yield numbers changing slightly is why typically PRR is the point that large numbers get bought - it is an understood risk to buy everything now
### Status of powerboard test crate (Christian)
- No questions
### Barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation (Sven)
- Clearance okay on module transport frame for RFID?
 - Should be okay
 - If necessary, Craig/Ash will iterate to make sure everything fits together
- Can be tricky to keep track of all the diodes when placing the sensor/module in the frame
 - Worry that moving them in would make them work
 - Could think about removing them along one side or the other?
 - Gerrit likes the security of all 4 sides
- High voltage connector
 - Can we change the high voltage to be on a separate connector?
 - Discussion of pros/cons
 - Pros = one connector, backward compatability
 - Cons = custom cable, H&S
 - Conclude to keep the single connector and look at providing a breakout board to commercial HV options (eg. LEMO) if people prefer that to home-made cables
- Mini display port labelling
 - Labels are provided on the transport frames - silk screen on PCB is hidden by transport frame
 - Labels to be included on the PCB silk screen in case of running without transport frame in place (not recommended procedure!)
### Barrel transport frame (Gerrit)
- Ribbing was added (optimised?) by the injection moulding company
 - For the next version Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity
- Suction cup “hole” dimensions to be updated (mistake by Craig)
 - Updated versions will be uploaded to EDMS for discussion
 - Will include discussion of specified suction cups
- Assembly of box with threaded back-plane trickier without screw guidance, risk of sensor moving around whilst you are assembling
 - Craig forgot that when assembling the box the transport frame is already screwed in place!!
 - Generally seems to make the assembly nicer
- Sticking suction cups
 - Smaller suction cups and correct sized holes do help
 - Need to investigate the other materials available
 - From ITk week, don’t clean with isoprop, just DI water, seems isoprop makes surface stickier
- How do you use the humidity indicators and dessicant with this box, looks like bag volume and sensor volume connection can be blocked by vacuum sealing
 - SCIPP looking at side pocket solution
 - Also N2 flushed sealing rather than vacuum could be an option
### AoB
- BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more - comment from BCP reviewer)
 - Craig speaks in support of v4 for reasons of schedule risk and previous commitment
 - US agrees with commitment to v4 and would keep baseline as v4 with a few v5 (100) for validation, Dennis doesn’t really care but is happy to stick to v4
 - We will push back on review to stick with v4 for preproduction
 - There is risk to coupling preproduction to v5 schedule and we have already committed (deliberately) to v4
### Actions
NONE