{
    "id": "42",
    "text": "# 16/02/21 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/986082/\n### Introduction\n- Database and python \n - Is anybody using python 2 instead of 3? There\u2019s a request to drop support for python 2\n - No objections in the meeting, but Bruce to send out email to make sure people not connected are aware of this\n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\nAnd also task tracker for updates\n- Production of stencils for the EC -> rename to \u201cDesign and Production of\u201d \u2026.add Liv\n - Prague cluster will produce but need designs\n - Still waiting for designs\n - Oskar connected, confirms that they are waiting for the design\n - Place task update of this prod task AFTER the update on the design task\n - Oops, we are missing a design task -> will add design to this task\n- Tendering process for EC hybrids and powerboards\n - Noone answering\u2026\n - There is a meeting this Friday to go over the IT documentation and specs. More info then next week\n- Design, finalisation and roll-out of powerboard testing setups\n - Karol asks: Do we need a review?\n - Expect design to be updated in mid March\n - Will do a small run before full production\n - From schedule perspective a direct large submission would be rather preferred\n - Sure, but would ask for help from someone to look over the design to ensure small bugs are found\n - Yes, good, easiest in kicad!\n - Karol will let know when design is ready for this check out - expect in 4 weeks\n- EC Production of handling frame (foam) for test frames and hybrid panel\n - Dennis: panels foam is done. For handling frames we need to decontaminate the lab as there is residue from a fire in a nearby lab. \n - Fr will ship the foam together with test frames and panels \n - Close this task and merge the remains with the test frame task\n### EC module/hybrid discussion summary\n- Verbal summary of yesterday\u2019s EC module excess noise exchange\n- As discussion was so interesting there were no live notes taken but later reconstructed from memory\n- See post on agenda for that summary\n- Sergio: please include schedule impacts and interplay with e.g. loading with this topic as well\n### EC glass sensors\n- Still looking for R0 volunteers\n - Michael Vansteenkiste from Toronto might be able to take this up!\n### EDMS approval & SQ\n- Followup from ITk week\n- We came to decision to require finalised EDMS docs before site quali can commence, so need to get this signed off in short time now\n- Proposal how to do this in slides\n- What is plan for the colours in the SQ table to include this procedure?\n - Andy worked through the weekend to get this implemented\n - Awesome Andy!! Thank you!\n- Is anything already ready now?\n - No\n - There are 3 docs which have been rejected and re-submitted, so we are getting close for those\n- Is the cleanroom doc among those 3?\n - There is a discussion in today\u2019s agenda to get this going\n### Cleanroom document - matters arising\n- Accept industry partners cleanroom standard or do we require them to do continuous monitoring?\n - No - see discussion below\n- Continuous monitoring?\n - Gerrit: would be good, since certification is only done on one day\n - Bart: do we really need this if cleanroom is certified above specs (e.g. ISO 6)?\n - Gerrit: more worried about little accidents that could happen and don\u2019t affect the yearly certification.\u000bWhat is the issue with continuous monitoring?\n - If we have continuous monitoring, do we need certification?\n - No, if monitoring is OK\n - How are cheap dylos units (500 currency units) calibrated or maintained (deterioration over time)\n - Even cheaper items might not be sufficient\n - Bart: for UK need a lot of monitoring and IT infrastructure to cover for all institutes \n - Gerrit: a lot of groups have already produced systems that could be copied\n - What about rooms that are not certified and are not monitored?\n - Should not happen\n - Bart: do we really need continuous monitoring when rooms are annually certified\n - Ingo: have seen from his lab that unauthorized people have entered outside office hours and only spotted from particle counting\n - Tony: how do you show that room stays clean between certifications?\n - Luise: do certified cleanrooms not have monitoring? Could reduce monitoring frequency (e.g. every 30min)\n - Bart: not all do this\n - Where to monitor in large rooms?\n - In areas where work is done.\n - Even in large rooms counters with larger distance will react at same time (although with different particle values)\n - Tony: there will always be local issues, but monitoring the room should be possible.\n - Vitaliy: external influence matter (e.g. close to air inlet compared to other areas); what people do inside matters a lot (what the people do). If certification does not cover this, then monitoring is important\n - Another good example comes up where monitoring saved the items in the room (error during maintenance breaking room quali)\n - Conclusion: we do NOT accept an annual cleanroom certification as an alternative to continuous monitoring\n - What about industrial partners?\n - Our industrial partners have to show to us that we can trust them\n- Monitoring interval\n - RAL had spec 15 min monitoring interval when cleanroom installed\n - Fortunately Craig could boost that interval to go to 10 min but there may be cases where this is not possible\n - Sampling rate inherited from temperature (10min)\n - Decay times of peaks in particle counts depend on quality of cleanroom\n - Also cleanroom design and external effects can have an impact\n - How can this be specified in a general way?\n - Requirement: capture impacts of strong events. \n - Dortmund for ISO7 needs to measure for 2.5min to get statistically significant value\n - Sampling rate needs to be sufficiently large so that measurements are reasonable\n - Dylos: records every minute (averaging), but can add up to get longer measurement intervals\n - Vitaliy: don\u2019t need to monitor all particle sizes. 0.5um is probably sufficient\n - Leave it at 10min sampling rate, but allow people to make case for their institute if they can\u2019t achieve this.\n- What happens if spike/counts are high?\n - Ingo: if exceed ISO 7 leave room until better\n - Andy: are there certain processed that should not be done if particle counts are too high?\n - All assembly/test related steps (assembly, metrology, testing)\n - Anything where modules are exposed to the cleanroom air. Store them in ESD storage and wait till cleanroom is restored to required quality\n - Craig: Do we require/need alarms? Shorter period than one day?\n - Not much effort to install alarm in Grafana monitoring\n - What recovery time do we require?\n - Vitaliy: Depends on cleanroom design\n - Gerrit: also depends on throughput (modules/day)\n - What time period with alarm, before stopping assembly?\n - Felix: Proposal 1 hour\n - Vitaliy: depending on the step of the process (e.g. gluing or metrology); Covering up and stopping needs to be done reasonably fast\u000bPropose: need to finish current step before stopping, then find cause\n - If monitoring is higher than ISO 7 for more than 30min, stop assembly\n- Would be good to have a RH specification (instead/in addition) to dew point\n - Would upper limit of 70% be acceptable?\n - Have RH and dew point requirement and allow either one as limit\u000b70% RH or dew point 5K below room temperature\n - 30-60%: if not within accepted range, need to make case with mitigation strategy\n- Oil sealed pump:\n - Oil free pumps are much preferred\n - Need to make sure to have measures in place in case there is an issue with the pump:\n - Oil Trap, ballast valve & filter are required for oil pumps\n### Assembly documents - matters arising\n- Allow cutting off tabs on hybrid assembly jig:\n - Marc: can be hard to remove hybrid from panel with double sided tape and tape from top\n - Craig: has done this in the past; double sided tape probably not necessary\n - Gerrit: cutting on jig will remove requirement for precision placement on panel\n - Forest: cutting on jig striking surface with razor blade: recommend to cut on dedicated jig that is not used for gluing\n - Agreed with proposal\n- Proposal for hybrid metrology on jig\n - Agreed\n### AOB\n- Hybrid QC doc discussion on Thursday 5PM",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}