{
    "id": "37",
    "text": "# 15/12/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/927532/\n### Introduction (Karo)\n- Ingo thanks the whole community for being awesome :-)\n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\n- Production of R1 toolset Urgent\n- Order for any additional hybrids for PPA Urgent\n- Hybrid crate finalisation and roll-out Urgent\n- Finalisation of panels for EC hybrid testing Urgent\n- Finalisation of barrel module testframes Normal\n- Production of the common jigs required in the EC Urgent\n- Production of R0 and R1 test frames for the EC\n- Production of R2 test frames for the EC Urgent\n- Production of R3, R4 and R5 test frames Urgent\n- order of powerboards for prototyping and PPA Urgent\n- Production of R3 toolset Urgent\n- Production of R4 toolset Urgent\n- Production of hybrid/module tools for UK/China Normal\n- Production of powerboard tools for UK/China Normal\n- Production of stencils for the EC Urgent\n- Production of LED bars for the EC Urgent\n- Suction cups for the powerboardtool, lift legs, pcb+ rfid etc. Urgent\n- Production of handling frame (foam) for test frames and hybrid panel Urgent\n### EC hybrids, panels and test frames\n- Kambiz is sick, will have to wait for him to get better to get update, if important news arise Uli will send mail\n### Proposal for Site Qualification reviewer teams\n- Signing up people and giving them time to react (say no if they don\u2019t have time) preferred, having people sign up themselves might take too long\n- Do we really need anonymity? \n - We\u2019re a nice community \n - Specs are objective\n - Could cause other forms of tension\n- Decision: we drop the anonymity idea\n- When assigning the people (PM and module ACs) we will aim for a split between barrel and endcap people in each group\n- Ideally also try to get several clusters involved in each group\n- Communication should take place in spreadsheets\n### Proposal for Site Qualification where to start\n- HV tabbing not close to being ready for qualification\n - Should aim for some type of \u201cbest practices\u201d document in the meantime\n - Some sites don\u2019t have tools yet\n - Forest will send out recommendation for which tool to buy after consultation with Luise\n### Database reporting\n- Terminal mainly used for batch level data collection, GUI not as usable for that\n- Reporting often used for batch level information, where the terminal seems more usable\n- Work was based on guessing what people need, but more feedback needed to figure out what is really desired/to finetune the application\n- Might need to form working group to look into this, ideally with both expertise from module building/testing community and with database/programming background\n- Also have student from Marek working on this, will report early in new year\n- How to deal with speed of database?\n - Are in the process of identifying speed issues with test server, production server will be faster anyway\n - Once we know final speed we can estimate time needed for reporting\n- Most sites will want to check mainly their own data, would be quick way of slimming down selection\n### EC cold box control\n- What is the supply of air and nitrogen? \n - Lab dry air from DESY (less than 1% humidity)\n- Could be tricky for other sites if such dry air is not available \n- Is there a pre-cooling of the supply air inside the jig?\n - Not clear, need to check with Sergio\n### Sensor bow measurements (prob. next time)\n- Moved due to time constraints\n### Module test comparisons at LBNL (prob. next time) reporting\n- Moved due to time constraints\n### AOB\n-",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}