{
    "id": "78",
    "text": "# 30/11/21 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1084886/\n### Introduction\n- Put link to google document for VI issues into google spreadsheet of all EDMS documents and also add to strip module TWiki page\n - https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/Atlas/ITKstripsSTARModules#Other\n - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Wz0AGhhRxJEstdy0W28KCHNPt69i1i2NIaYVqpiiShU/edit#gid=548678230\n - \n- Flags:\n - Also add one for mechanical stress (e.g. bend back flat, \u2026)\n - Are flags resetted?\n - Some should always be there (e.g. moisture exposure)\n - Are schockwatch flags linked to database shipping?\n - No, and in a single shipment multiple objects can have individual schockwatches\n - In case of multiple flags, the interface is not obvious. In the we gui, need to provide both otherwise old flag will be removed\n - Additional: also should have a flag for \u201ccleaning was required\u201d\n - To be discussed\n- \n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\nAnd also task tracker for updates\n- 30/11/2021: Barrel tasks\n- 07/12/2021: EC tasks\n- 14/12/2021: Barrel tasks\n- 11/01/2021: EC tasks\n- SMD tendering for barrel pre-production/production hybrids\n - Contract has been signed, task is closed\n- Irradiated R5 module for December 2021 Testbeam\n - Hybrids glued onto sensors today\n - Vitaliy: IV tests on sensors?\n - No one from Freiburg here to comment\n### HV tab update\n- SFU will start with elemental analysis of contamination\n- Tony W: circle imprints (slide 8, Kirstin) are from manufacturing process of stacking sheets during lamination\n- Tony W: jagged edges: some days machines work nicely and we don\u2019t see jagged edges, some days they come through with jagged edges - it is not understood\n- Tony W: before we discuss, need to know from chemical analysis what is dangerous and has to be removed, or what can be accepted; and what cleaning process is required\n- Concern at SCIPP: transfer of the contaminant onto other surfaces which are then contaminating everything else\n- Tony W: need to understand better what kind of residue is a problem and what we can live with\n- Tony W: yield currently at 62%, can be done through pre-production, not viable for production. Need to understand which cleaning is needed\n- Ilona saw that SWAJ helped, but not clear how much that improved the yield\n- Kirsten: cleaning can be done and helps but cleaning is not sustainable for production - can Oxford do the cleaning?\n - Tony: clean one sheet at a time, cleaning each sheet for 30 minutes causes problems\n - Ingo: believe it was 10 minutes in SWAJ, 10 minutes in DI water\n - Tony: does this remove only white dust or black gunk as well?\n - Ingo: black gunk seems to be reduced\n- Tony W: alternative technology to chemical method\n - Chemical method it probably not suitable for production with the current experience\n - Look into laser ablation technology\n - Contacted company in Germany that provides a laser system for this and als send them sample material\n - Also contacted a Canadian company that can do this in house\n - Close to TRIUMF, so might be an option to do inspection there instead of shipping it back to UK\n - SFU/TRIUMF volunteering to test these tabs\n - DESY might have another machine that could do it\n - Would be nice to try it as proof of principle\n- Craig: will Oxford play around with the wet chemistry?\n - Limited amount of options\n - Laser might be an option, but need to check results first, can\u2019t plan with it yet\n - Need to fix the wet chemistry process first\n- Forest: don\u2019t want every site to have to do their own cleaning, SCIPP has SWAJ and can test cleaning, but doesn\u2019t seem like a final solution\n - Tony: just no idea how to improve the process to make them cleaner\n - Can clean the HV tabs, but don\u2019t seem to be able to improve results\n - Forest: were there changes between the first and later batches that would explain the different levels of residue? Tony: no\n - Forest: what\u2019s the cleaning process? Tony: sheets go into ultrasonic bath and rinsed afterwards and dried\n - Tony A: wasn\u2019t there a proposal to change the process, how often the bath is changed, orientation of sheet, rinse, etc\n - Forest: could do multiple rinse processes? There are waterspots on the HV tabs, which indicates they weren\u2019t rinsed often enough\n- Forest: asked for spacers to be placed between sheets when they are shipped - please remember to add spacers\n - Tony A: wanted spacers and stiffener material\n- Luise: is there an interest for groups to have a dedicated meeting to discuss HV tabs (e.g. cleaning)\n - Tony A: need that viable \n - Luise: maybe in 2 weeks after QA/QC meeting so that people have enough time to try this\n- Tony W: currently in process of making more barrel tabs\n - Tony A: do sites need SCIPP/Cambridge to ship some samples for cleaning tests?\n - Tony W: should we ship out new batch once they are available or wait until after the discussion?\n - Bart: would like to have some of the new, but no manpower to look at them right now\n - Luise: suggest that barrel sites that want some sheets should contact Tony\n - Tony W: EC tabs need a couple more weeks\n - Tony W: tempted to hold on to tabs until meeting and then send them out when there is a conclusion\n- Tony: need them in hand a couple of weeks before PPB\n - Tony W: will send out tabs early next year\n- William: what about EC tabs? Are there enough for PPA?\n - Ingo: tabs at DESY are for everyone\n- William: would we change to laser ablation (if it works) only for production?\n - Tony W: if it works will use it as early as possible\n### Curing time studies\n- Tony A: what this means is we can glue one hybrid and one powerboard on a module in one day if you have two shifts or an eight hour day\n- Andy: two hybrids the position was out of spec, but were they bondable?\n - Tony A: yes\n - Question might be: can you still bond it on the stave?\n - Tony A: what we are worried about is glue on the guard ring, wire bonding angle and distance between hybrid and powerboard\n - Ingo: dominant for barrel, end-cap also has stitch bond question\n - Craig: in the past have thought that some of these specs might be a bit too tight, might revisit them through pre-production. Stave is less of a concern and item clash on the module will be seen before metrology\n - Luise: reporting these things will help to evaluate specifications\n - Tony: flagged as failed, build a module \n - Luise: fail metrology, keep assembling\n - Craig: needs to be flagged in some way that something has failed (e.g. the test) but continue using it\n - Tony A: could put it in production reports\n - Craig: yield numbers are based on current specs, but could then later be re-evaluate\n - Luise: if test is out of spec, the test needs to be failed; if the component is still usable, can continue otherwise need to fail the component\n - Andy: need to be careful with this when calculating failure modes\n- Tony A: does this lead to issues with tab cutting? \n - Forest: cut on panel\n - Andy: vacuum is terrible on panel\n - Craig: first dummies on panel and vacuum there was worse, therefore baselined cutting on assembly jig\n - Forest: matter of preference and no method is perfect\n - Craig: have seen hybrids moving on jig, might have to wait if we need to re-evaluate specs\n- Craig: important here is that glue curing with reduced vacuum time works\n- \n### SQ Feedback\n- Bonding requirement: only a cross or a 3 x 3 matrix?\n - Forest: no, need to stay with matrix; do those 80 wires still make such a difference?\n - Andy: groups have said it\u2019s quite a lot of bonds already\n - Forest: look at some of SQ and groups are calling out they are good to bond one square over; part of SQ is showing they can do it, and part is that groups actually did the optimisation\n - Craig: we say you have to fulfill the specification of the bond, weather the peak is in middle or edge of matrix\n - Forest: sometimes see peak at edge not in centre\n - Craig: but as long as we fulfill the specification it is fine\n - Forest: but that is not optimized\n - Luise: groups might have reasons on why they chose this point\n - Forest: yes, but they not always explain it well (or answer questions)\n - Craig: \n - Bob: agree with Forest: if have matrix does not make sense to choose a point at the edge of the matrix, groups need to show they have a plateau and you are sitting in the middle of it\n - Craig: show this with the matrix, but peak does not necessarily have to be the central value\n - Craig: does not look like we can agree to reduce matrix to a cross\n- Need to show bond feet: is is sufficient to show this on the cicore card?\n - Gerrit: what do you want to show?\n - Luise: there is a requirement to show something\n - Gerrit: but it depends on substrate and how it is sucked down on every jig\n - Luise: have already reduced to to show on one substrate, but what object is required?\n - Gerrit and Forest agree: Cicorel is sufficient\n - Craig: does it have to be a chicorel, or can it be something else (e.g. hybrid)?\n - Ingo: might be able to pick any surface to show this\n- Also allow SQ sites to only show they can build one hybrid type per site they are building for the hybrid assembly document\n - Andy: was ist for stitched & unstitched?\n - Vitaliy: show similarity so if you show it for one hybrid, can assume you can build other types as well\n - Luise: good, change it to new requirement.\nFeedback for procedures\n- Run numbers: can we agree on using run numbers as increasing integer, starting by 1\n - William: how is this for ITSDAQ tests?\n - Luise: to be discussed for electrical tests\n - Gerrit: are not date and time of test sufficient for sorting?\n - Luise: for reporting scripts don\u2019t exist and sorting for run number is potentially easier than having to look up through other test information\n - Agree to only use increasing integers\n- Shipping feedback about location of humidity indicator cards and desiccant bags:\n - Vitaliy: agrees that position of the indicators/desiccant is important\u000bInstead could maybe also tape to side of the frames instead of using the channels, but would need to be tested\n - Luise: would be desirable for groups to start using something like this (and maybe develop something)\n - Gerrit: a bit concerned about having to build something new and need to find groups to make them\n - Vitaliy: need to have to avoid condensation at all cost\n - Gerrit: items shipped in moisture barrier bags stay dry for months\n - Vitaliy: but also in shipment temperature goes low and can cause condensation\n - Jonas: do we have any data that shows there is an issue in and outside of the module shipment box?\n - Vitaliy: yes, in a broken bag a card was flush on the top of the box with the bag and indicator had no path to moist air and did not trigger\n - Jonas: was there an air path into the module\n - Vitaliy: yes\n- \n### Controlled demolition: Tails from the Crypt [Silicon]\n- Postponed to next week\n### \n### AOB\n- This was Karola\u2019s last meeting and the project will be worse off for it!",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}