{
    "id": "5",
    "text": "# 11/02/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/874221/\n## Actions carried over\nNONE\n## Watching brief\nItem | Responsible | Next update expected\nHV tab bonding | Jens | 27/02/2020\nHybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 02/03/2020\nModule thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 02/03/2020\nPowerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 02/03/2020\nBarrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 17/02/2020\nBarrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 28/02/2020\nEC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 17/02/2020\nEC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 02/03/2020\nBarrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 29/02/2020\n- People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!)\n- Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting\n## \n## Minutes\n### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)\n- Nothing to report\n### DCDC coils (Satish)\n- Are the QC boundaries acceptable from a powerboard performance point of view?\n - Satish thinks they are but there doesn\u2019t seem to be any data to back this up\n - Specs defined more by what is possible with available wire rather than being led by ATLAS performance specs\n- How many samples will be tested?\n - 10 samples from each 1/50 of production\n - 500 coils total\n- How was the quantity evaluated?\n - EC 10,000 makes sense after discussion with production management\n - 16,000 for barrel makes sense to Dennis but looks like overhead is slightly different\n - The risk of yield numbers changing slightly is why typically PRR is the point that large numbers get bought - it is an understood risk to buy everything now\n### Status of powerboard test crate (Christian)\n- No questions\n### Barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation (Sven)\n- Clearance okay on module transport frame for RFID?\n - Should be okay\n - If necessary, Craig/Ash will iterate to make sure everything fits together\n- Can be tricky to keep track of all the diodes when placing the sensor/module in the frame\n - Worry that moving them in would make them work\n - Could think about removing them along one side or the other?\n - Gerrit likes the security of all 4 sides\n- High voltage connector\n - Can we change the high voltage to be on a separate connector?\n - Discussion of pros/cons\n - Pros = one connector, backward compatability\n - Cons = custom cable, H&S\n - Conclude to keep the single connector and look at providing a breakout board to commercial HV options (eg. LEMO) if people prefer that to home-made cables\n- Mini display port labelling\n - Labels are provided on the transport frames - silk screen on PCB is hidden by transport frame\n - Labels to be included on the PCB silk screen in case of running without transport frame in place (not recommended procedure!)\n### Barrel transport frame (Gerrit)\n- Ribbing was added (optimised?) by the injection moulding company\n - For the next version Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity\n- Suction cup \u201chole\u201d dimensions to be updated (mistake by Craig)\n - Updated versions will be uploaded to EDMS for discussion\n - Will include discussion of specified suction cups\n- Assembly of box with threaded back-plane trickier without screw guidance, risk of sensor moving around whilst you are assembling\n - Craig forgot that when assembling the box the transport frame is already screwed in place!!\n - Generally seems to make the assembly nicer\n- Sticking suction cups\n - Smaller suction cups and correct sized holes do help\n - Need to investigate the other materials available\n - From ITk week, don\u2019t clean with isoprop, just DI water, seems isoprop makes surface stickier\n- How do you use the humidity indicators and dessicant with this box, looks like bag volume and sensor volume connection can be blocked by vacuum sealing\n - SCIPP looking at side pocket solution\n - Also N2 flushed sealing rather than vacuum could be an option\n### AoB\n- BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more - comment from BCP reviewer)\n - Craig speaks in support of v4 for reasons of schedule risk and previous commitment\n - US agrees with commitment to v4 and would keep baseline as v4 with a few v5 (100) for validation, Dennis doesn\u2019t really care but is happy to stick to v4\n - We will push back on review to stick with v4 for preproduction\n - There is risk to coupling preproduction to v5 schedule and we have already committed (deliberately) to v4\n### Actions\nNONE",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}