{
    "id": "94",
    "text": "# 26/04/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1109678/\n### Introduction\n- William: received some sensors 6 months ago and haven\u2019t opened them. Do they need to do an IV curve?\n - Luise: should open boxes and move boxes into dry storage\n - William: are in dry storage\n - Luise: suspicion is that the issue is because of humidity exposure during transport. If they are stored dry afterwards, that should \u201cheal\u201d the issue\n - William: we are currently not ready to do the HV-tabbing, and to reduce the handling steps we didn\u2019t to the reception so far\n - Luise: would be good to do the reception now, since you are fully qualified for it\n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\nAnd also task tracker for updates\n- 26/04/2022: Barrel tasks\n- 03/05/2022: EC tasks\n- 10/05/2022 - AUW\n- 17/05/2022 - P2UG Review\n- 24/05/2022: Barrel\n- Shipping readiness (incl import procedure)\n - Montreal got last export license\n - Vancouver allowed to ship out PP petals\n- Single Hybrid Testing Database Implementation\n - No news\n- Hybrid Burn In Software\n - Found that current issues seem related to dependencies to older ITSDAQ systems, being worked out\n- Single Module Test Database Implementation\n - No news\n- Multi Module Test\n - Tony: what do we do with the data?\n - Store results per cycle as results vs cycle array, then use data to find good criteria\n- PPB Module for April Irradiation\n - Endcap module was just assembled, tomorrow IV will be done and bonding will be started\n - Barrel module: hybrids were bonded and tested today, module will be assembled tomorrow\n - Ash: when do they need to be ready? Luise: have no deadline right now\n - Sven: do we need a powerboard with pre-irradiated ASICs? Luise: yes, it\u2019s being made at LBL\n### Institute Contributions\nDESY-HH\n- Gerrit: cold box is sitting on same frame that the pump & chiller are sitting\n - Sergio: not exactly, chiller is lifted by rolling table, not in the same frame\nNext meeting: UofT, Cambridge \n### Anodised Barrel Module Test Jigs\n- Ashley: important to reference the parts together since this has impact on noise and the anodising makes this a bit more challenging\n- Sergio: EC jigs have holes to connect banana plugs. Are they anodised?\n - Carles: they shouldn\u2019t\n - Ashley: the issue is that in our design the lower part did not have a ground connection\n- Luise: easier to check for the end-cap jigs, because there is only one jig and we can just connect that the ground screw is connected to one of the inserts use to connect the cooling tubes\n - Sergio: but you rely on two threaded connections to show this, which might not be as good\n - Ashley: For the UK jigs, there is a risk that the thread was not properly covered during anodisation\n- Andy: UK does sensor IV on the jig, would that be a problem for sensor IVs?\n - Ash: no\n- Andy: do we know if this was an accident by the company?\n - Sven: probably an accident, they probably didn\u2019t read the instructions or this part was missing from the instructions\n- US to check whether they have the same problem (probably not, because the jigs weren\u2019t anodised)\n### Status of the end-cap cold box setup\n- Luise: Might be tricky to find volunteers. Will send this to module list, unless someone right now wants to volunteer. \u000bIt would also be good to get a better understanding of the technical issues and maybe compare with barrel cold box\n - Wendy: what is the timescale for these projects?\n - Luise: goal is that modules for petals build for PPB Phase 2 have been thermally cycled.\n - Luise: there are modules available now for setting the system up\n - Sergio: some of the points can be manually bypassed during PPB testing, but this is not feasible for production\n- Sergio: the decision of the position of the humidity sensors was already made?\n- Sergio: polarity switch could be a larger task if coldbox tests show that the coldbox can not operate at 8 Amps max, probably one of the top priorities\n - Can be done by any institute that have the cold box in hand right now\n - Alex offering a polarity switch for any institute that will sign up for \n- Alexander: For the humidity sensor, did we agree to measure on the inlet or outlet?\n - Sergio: on the outlet\n - Wendy: we can take over the BNL watchdog PCB\n- Wendy: for end-cap cold box software: requires changes in ITSDAQ to work?\n - Aleksander: no, should not be needed, unless something went horribly wrong\n - Ankush: software is set up deliberately to decouple cold box functions from ITSDAQ functions: cold box side can be run entirely without ITSDAQ\n - What still needs to be done on the ITSDAQ side: setting up for ITSDAQ to start data taking when it gets a message from the coldbox\n - Can be solved for one system and should then work for all cold boxes\n- Wendy: would like to make this a qualification task for new York postdoc and everyone is very happy about it\n- Cole: thought that issues B and C have already been solved (NTC position). Need to electrically isolate the NTCs and also increase the gap a bit\n - Sergio: reason why gap is a bit too narrow because this was designed before the final decision of the sensor was taken\n- Aleksander: would be great to take and distribute pictures for others to see\n - Cole agrees\n- Mohammed: did anyone test commercial PCBs for this?\n - Alexander: not that I know off, assume that BNL has already distributed them\n - Ankush: no, haven\u2019t distributed them, wanted something that has all the I2Cs and all the GPIB setups, so it was just easier to make them themselves\n- Sergio: is there any expectation that someone from Lund is coming back to this development?\n - Alexander: we are not leaving this work, but currently there is a bit of bad timing\n - Hannah: plan to have discussion at Upgrade Week about who can take on what\n - Should have that discussion at Upgrade Week\nTo be discussed at Upgrade Week and to be decided there\n### LBNL glue robot setup\n- Luise: do you have repeatability tests about the glue amount?\n - Thomas: have some data and all results in database are within specification\n - Luise: what about glue seepage and bondability/bond support?\n - Thomas: no glue seepage and no issues with wire-bonding\n - Luise: would be good to see the repeatability results\n- Sergio: any other barrel groups using robots?\n - Vitaliy: yes, all US groups\n### Study on module production rate\n- Mohammad: issue tracking gui - you showed interest in updating this gui; it is not integrated with database or updated for STAR components. Any update on that? We have a new post doc that would be interested in working on that\n - Zhan: in database should not upload high-resolution pictures. Just need a text output from the program to upload to database\n - Mohammad: tool is not for uploading photos, just to upload arrays of numbers that will be uploaded to database. Was there any effort in modifying the script?\n - Zhan: did no work on modifying this script for new hybrids\n - Mohammad: would be interested in updating this gui, our new post doc just started and will have a look at it\n- Luise: registration of components takes a long time. Did you look at guis that have been made for this in the mean time?\n - Zhan: it\u2019s not just registering, but also linking the components and upload different results\n - Luise: there are scripts for some of the tasks, and some universal scripts exist (or matched for specific institutes)\n- Luise: visual inspection you mentioned in bonding jig, is this only available for barrel?\n - Andrew: it was set up for R0, but for ABC130\n - Luise: would maybe also help to do the bonding jig for EC, if this is within the scope of the taks\n - Andrew: don\u2019t think the task was universal\n - Zhan: only have experience with barrel modules\n### DESY-HH glue pattern\n- Luise: how well are the bondpads supported and how repeatable is the glue distribution?\n - Did several tests for hybrid glueing and it looked repeatable; only had one mechanical object for modules so needs more work\n- Gerrit: it is really necessary to do a calibration step before glue dispensing, you should do this\n - Petar: yes we do this, just wasn\u2019t mentioned in slides\n - Ingo: also do it during dispensing\n - Petar: and we use the time mode of the glue dispenser that only allows a set time limit for dispensing\n- Vitaly: how similar is this pattern with other groups? Which dispenser are you using? For the powerboard, it seems you are almost making an air pocket. Would that be a concern?\n - Petar: will send an email to answer the first 2 questions\u000bWe are still developing the process for the powerboard\n - Vitaliy: my worry may or may not be real, but thermal cycling objects could cause issues with the air pocket\n- Luise: you might encounter issues with the glue pattern in the region of the bonds from hybrid to powerboard. You might have to adjust the pattern slightly\n### AOB\n- Next week module ACs are in AAR meeting. Module meeting will be chaired by Ingo and Carles. Please raise only urgent issues.",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}