{
    "id": "115",
    "text": "# 18/10/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1191860/\n### Introduction\nSlide 5\n- Bart: do we wait for all institutes before we do descoping?\n - Luise: no. Use the data to start the descoping process\n- Bart: there are also issues with repeatability of ASIC pull tests\n - Luise: should be fed back to ASIC group\nSlide 4\n- Carles: R4/R5 powerboards on module are obsolete in the database and they are now separate entities. Should be changed\n - Luise: yes, will look into it\n - Dennis: they are also bonded differently\n - Dennis: the flex is the same, but the AMAC is bonded differently\n- Theo: what is the sensor ATLAS dummy?\n - Luise: this is a dummy that can be assembled for a mechanical dummy\n - Luise: do you want this removed as well?\n - Carles: this was made for the prototype phase, and EC sites still in prototype phase they still need this\n - Luise: EC needs this, but could be removed for barrel\n - Hannah: what type of mechanical? Electro-mechanical or pure mechanical\n - Luise: either\n - William: hybrids also have both chips be able to attach. Do we keep this?\n - Luise: some groups still use the V0, so will keep them\n - William: there are a lot of children for hybrids\nSlide 6\n- Carles: Sergio is OK to send shipments to each site if we can get a list of recipients\n - Sergio: need a clear list of recipients and numbers for each site\n - Luise: yes, we can provide this\n - Sergio: just received notification that package has been shipped to DESY\n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\nAnd also task tracker for updates\n- 18/10/2022: EC\n- 25/10/2022: Barrel\n- 01/11/2022: EC (Flex QC review)\n- 08/11/2022: Barrel\n- R1 tool production\n - First emails from people shipping things back received (appreciated), please get in touch\n- Shipping readiness (incl import procedure)\n - Three year deadline is not as strict as we thought\n- Powerboard testing setup roll-out\n - Zeuthen has a working setup now\n- Endcap module thermal cycling setup\n - All cold boxes sent out\n- EC hybrid test-panel finalisation\n - New set of gerber files produced, numbering on panels changed (match database numbers now), EDMS review expected soon\n - New round of R5 panels produced and distributed, expected in two weeks\n - Will have an EDMS review\n - 2 weeks for new panels means when until they arrive in Freiburg, will time be needed for tests\n - Expect these can be used for next round hybrid production in Toronto (for four hybrids per panel)\n- Production of R0 and R1 test frames,Production of R2 test frames\n - Need to understand if blind vias are necessary for noise\n- Production of R3, R4 and R5 test frames\n - New round produced and sent out to sites who requested them\n - William: do we expect to be able to make the decision about using new test frames with the limited statistics we have?\n - Dennis: should be obvious for these very noisy powerboards\n - William: with the current noise levels, might be difficult to see small improvements\n - Dennis: might be difficult to see if it is much better or much worse\n - Luise: should be able to tell when we move modules to petals\n - Dennis and William: should be able to judge frame then\n- Modules for Test Beam\n - SS module in Birmingham being wirebonded today\n - Parts for irradiated R4 module shipped to Vancouver and about to arrive soon\n### Institute Contributions\nFreiburg\n- Luise: for powerboard review, can we get a current status about this?\n - Dennis: have not heard anything from Peter\n - Uli: what do we do if there are no comments until Friday?\n - Luise: will send a reminder and hopefully get some Peter time by end of the week\n - Uli: we don\u2019t wait for this design to be produced, will Dennis already start changing the other designs?\n - Dennis: I will start doing it in the same way as the R4/5 design\n - Luise: R3 are they derived from r4/5?\n - Dennis: the process itself needs to start over again, but with the latest feedback\n - Luise: there will be some time before the R3 come out, so that the reviewers have some time\n- Luise: do we want stacked vias for R4/5 ?\n - Dennis: can decide later, fast tracked is variant 1 and maybe 3 (but probably later)\u000bWant stacked vias for validation\n - Luise: stacked vias will exist already?\n - Dennis: want to compare against everything else\n - Luise: for my understanding, there was a stacked via version but then Wuerth said they could not produce this and the design needed to be changed\n- Luise: will send around a reminder email\n- Ashley: will review them tomorrow. Are they on EDMS?\n - Dennis: no, but link has been send via email\nNext week: Sheffield\n### Halfmoon pull testing (batch-based)\n- Ingo: can you upload the slides?\n - Luise: yes, I can do this\n- Bart: we did wire-bond pull tests on all batches we received. How is this done since we are also a module assembly site? Do you still want some batch based / shipment based pull tests?\n- \n### AOB",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}