{
    "id": "86",
    "text": "# 15/02/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1109668/\n### Introduction\n- Archa Rajagopalan - reduced pull testing volunteer\n- Tony Affolder - visual inspection after each front-end row volunteer\n- Ingo: Dropping test is extreme, but could reduce to sample tests\n - Luise: did not mention this specifically, but yes that is an option\n- Gerrit: would like to see dropping as much as we can, but don\u2019t see how we can already look at this now at ITk week; are you proposing to take these decisions during ITk week?\n - Luise: no, at ITk week have proposals of what to drop/reduce and what evidence for this is required (could be done with preliminary data); then make a decision at upgrade week (May)\n - Gerrit: why not handle it through clusters?\n - Luise: because if you do it through clusters you would have a lot of people to do the work in each cluster\n - Sven: could also be a group of people covering a topic\n - Gerrit: will look into this US internally to make sure all information are used\n - Sven: and we need to make sure EC is also involved\n- Ingo: EC database registration only for PPA parts or also for prototype parts\n - Luise: mainly for parts that are used during pre-production, but other can be assembled there as well\n- Powerboard Panel Jig:\n - Dennis: have given it to workshop, need to follow it up\n- Follow up items:\n - R5 panels: will be done soon\n - Temperature correlated test data: will be done soon\n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\nAnd also task tracker for updates\n- 15/02/2022: Barrel tasks\n- 22/02/2022: EC tasks\n- 01/03/2022: Barrel tasks\n- 07-11/03/2022 ITk week\n- Shipping readiness (incl import procedure)\n- Hybrid crate setup, finalisation and roll-out\nTony: how does the scoping look?\nAsh: looks good, five out of six hybrids on a panel responding\nBeta tester from Humboldt working on setting up and documenting process\nWilliam: do you have an endcap panel to try this with as well? Ingo: yes, since yesterday\n### New HV Tab Manufacturing\n- Gerrit: great news. Sounds like the sandwich used here is different from the sandwich made before\n - Tony: buy material off the shelf, not each part separately\n - Gerrit: but is it the same aluminum?\n - Tony: yes, same material, same company, same material\n - Gerrit: any chance to get some of the new tabs to the US?\n - Tony: they are making 2 more sheets for us from which we get ~200 tabs that can be shared\n - Gerrit: will want to have some for the US, Tony: not many left\n- Ashley: what is the availability of the material?\n - Tony: got a roll of the material, which basically covers production\n - Ashley: do you plan to do any QC on the material before shipping parts out?\n - Tony: only sensible QC is visual inspection, no longer disagreement\n- Luise: what would be the timescale to completely switch to the new tabs?\n - Tony: depends on when the order gets out and if we get the in-stock machine\n - Luise: mid PPA?\n - Tony: then the machine needs to be shipped and we need training\u000bIf we don\u2019t get that machine, it takes 3-4 months\n - Luise: we need enough material to test so that sites can look into re-evaluating their parameters\n - Tony: once we have the system, we could make the first sheet for EC\n - Luise: does not need to be EC design, just some tabs for the initial setup\n - Tony: so someone should decide how we distribute the tabs from the 2 sheets we have\n - Luise: let\u2019s try to find a EC site to volunteer for initial tests\n- Forest: is there still cleaning required?\n - Tony: not sure. There was a bit of dust on tabs but not clear if it was from laser or packaging. Was easily washed off with IPA\n - Gerrit: same process as used for bus tapes - if this is done correctly, it works quite well\n - Forest: will we have a chance to review the design changes?\n - Tony: will a quick new design for the 2 sheets now; once the process is in house we can have a more elaborate design review\n - Should then do a proper Engineering change request\n - Forest: could remove some of the areas around cutouts\n - Tony: Kirsten has same feedback as Forest\n - Tony A: will need to be more careful with packaging these in the future\n - Tony W: yes, learned our lesson\n- Tony W: can we get our new design very fast, please\n### End-cap frame/panel update\n- William: the R5 test panel is for hybrids?\n - Kambiz: yes\n- Luise: R5 module frame: one of the sensor sides does not get HV when powered through the powerboard (left side)\n - Carles: it was the ground connection on the bottom left\n - Kambiz: that was in the very first version and was already fixed; will check it to make sure\n- EDMS review of panels and frames will be restarted, please leave your feedback there\n### Proposal for QC procedure modifications for PPB\n- Proposal: change to use new fiducials for powerboard on barrel module for metrology\n - Everyone agrees to this\n- Tony A: do we still need to measure the slot and hole?\n - No, just use fiducials in the future\n - Sven: metrology document will only use fiducials and powerboard edges for groups that can\u2019t use fiducials\n- Gerrit: what do you use for the position - the centroid?\n - Sven: found good ways to calculate centroids of combined features, going to use that\n- Sven: is there a powerboard like this in Santa Cruz already?\n - No a few ones to be hand-stuffed and distributed early, but not in hand\n- Tony: centroid finder gives you the area, could be a good check\n - Sven: always have over- oder under-etching\n- Gerrit: does Timon already have bare boards? Could put them under the smartscope and take a picture\n - Ian: if Ian can get a powerboard, he can put it under the smartscope\n- Matt: fiducials on tabs means tabs need to be there (were accidentally chopped off at some point, need to keep them there)\n - Gerrit: need it in place, otherwise can\u2019t locate powerboards\n - Matt: just a word of caution to remind people we will really need this tab there in the future\n### Powerboard reception testing comments\n- Tony: heard comments from multiple people. Slides are not in order of actions you want to do things\n - Zhicai: add links to pages\n - Tony: if you need help on how to look into the order, we could help\n - Tony: yes, or provide feedback on order of slides and how to improve it\n - Zhicai: let us know if you have suggestions\n- Jacob: has the temperature test criteria been sorted out? That has caused lots of red for us\n - Zhicai: yes, this is a threshold issue which has been sorted out, not sure if it was pushed into the firmware repo\n### LS module noise results\n- Luise: do you mean only barrel modules or also EC modules?\n - Jacob: currently only look at barrel modules, but could also collect data for EC modules\n - Luise: in past noise peaks were a bit more varied in position. Is there magnetic trigger data of these modules?\n - Tony: no, don\u2019t have this here and don\u2019t know if LBL has done this. Can say that coil location is better controlled (also with new tools) so see more consistency\n- Tony: Asked Timon if next version of PPB powerboards would be better/different and he said no.\n- Luise: did you compare it with the prototype data? \n- Tony: this is planned to be done\n- Craig: it is pretty consistent on what we have seen in the past with this version of the powerboard. But in some we had worst control with regards to the tools\n- Gerrit: do we consider to make a certain amount of modules with an increased glue layer?\n - Tony: in the past it does not go very fast when going out. Only when going thin the change is significant\n - Craig: not sure we know this for the noise peak (certain about the capacitive noise). \n - Tony: need to look at data points but thought powerboard is bowing away from module in DCDC area\n - Timon: the powerboard tools could have been adjusted to compensate for this\n - Gerrit: are you proposed to use shims to get to different heights?\n - Luise: would be in favour of it\n - Gerrit: PPA is the best place to do this test\n - Luise: might be worth trying\n - Craig: yes\n - Gerrit: would go to 200um instead of 120um\n - Craig: what the plot shows is very consistent peaks, not seen in past; now can look at other things\n - Tony: would be good to have more data for these plots. Stream 1 is higher in the outer channels than what we expected from V0 ASICs and there are these structures that need to be understood\n- \n- Craig: any chance that the slope comes from glue thickness variations?\n- Tony: our metrology is very flat and there is a bit of bow, but it\u2019s the wrong direction (outer chips low, not high). Timon has asked about the referencing and if this could be a residual from that\n- Craig: possible, have seen something on stave\n- Tony: might be good to get some people together to discuss them\n- Timon: can the tests be run with high statistics?\n- Craig: they are high statistics\n- Luise: would be good to also go to lower glue thicknesses\n - Gerrit: not easy to do \n - Ingo: feel very twitchy about looking into glue thickness this late in the project\n - Dennis: if we find something that could be done, it might be sufficient to just change the pins on the powerboard tool\n - Gerrit: if we want to do this, we need enough statistics. Proposal would be to do this for PPB LS modules. At BNL we could to 5 normal and 5 with increased glue height. Have to make a decision rather soon\n - Luise: whatever you are willing to try is good\n - Gerrit: but it would be a community decision\n - Sandra: could probably also do something at LBNL\n - Gerrit: have to do some prototyping with glass pieces to get glue correct\n - Sandra: have done this in the past\n - Luise: could one of you try higher and one group lower\n - Sandra: will discuss it in US who does what\n- Matthew: should we upload this test as failed in database?\n - Luise: these are high noise channels, so would they be considered too noisy?\n - Matthew: this test should be failed. Need to look at classifiers for these cases\u000bIt also is important if this is consistent for all modules or just some\n - Vitaliy: how does this pick-up evolve with irradiation?\n - Vitaliy: these features are undesirable, but we might have to live with them\n - Luise: would have to look at classifiers to see if these channels always show up in same region\n - Matthew: would be preferable if we could freeze the classifier for PPA.\n - Jacob: the high noise sensors on one chip might also affect other chips\n - Tony: we still need to tune the classifier variables for PPA\n - Luise: could also use uncovered strips for training and compare against other stream\n - Luise: would be good to see the magnetic triggering results. UBC has started setting up a system. Would be interesting to test this with modules from other sites.\n- Action item for BNL and LBL: try out different glue thicknesses (higher and lower)\n - Gerrit and Sandra will figure out who tries higher and who tries lower glue heights\n### AOB\n- Sergio: finally got green light to ship EC cold boxes. Uploaded documentation to EDMS and link will be sent out.",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}