{
    "id": "12",
    "text": "# 28/04/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/874232/\n## Actions carried over\nNONE\n## Minutes\n### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)\n- Craig proposes QC working group discussions next two weeks \n - Module and Hybrid assembly and Metrology next week (actually in QC meeting)\n - Bond pulls, weighing and electrical tests week after\n - Craig will mail around this proposal\n### Hybrid-sensor gluing at DESY (Will)\n- Storage (temp etc.)\n - Would be good to get a clear recommendation on how to handle/store etc.\n- Temperature\n - Note that room temperature makes a big difference when depositing\n- Batch changes\n - Do you have a sense about whether the appearance of the glue correlates at all with the amount of hardener\n - We are weighing it anyway so the ratio is correct\n - Reminder of discussion from a couple of weeks ago that the only way to avoid the issues with bipaks seems to be to mix ourselves\n - Need to keep an eye on this if changes are seen even with accurate hardener ratios\n - Could be a chemical composition change!!\n - All of available information does seem to suggest that the best way to go is to go down the route of buying bottles and mixing ourselves\n - Bottles to go through chemical composition analysis?\n - Costs more but gives confidence....\n- Can we buy direct from Polaris rather than over Andover\n - Polaris not responsive, Andover is distributor\n - To be investigated (Gerrit)\n### Visual Inspection (Jane)\n- Is this visual inspection or metroloy?\n - Visual inspection\n- Taking a photo of modules is accepted (to track any damage etc.) but method is up to institutes\n - Stitching from microscope or a single photo setup such as shown here\n### Gluing stencils for the EC star power-boards (Alessia)\n- Do you know the coverage after compression given that the volume is dependent on stencilling details\n - Have not measured the coverage after gluing as yet\n - Glue has been weighed, will be compared to expected calculated values\n### AoB\n- P2UG meeting collides with next Tuesday module meeting\n - Next Tuesday module meeting is cancelled\n - First set of 3 QC group updates in Thursday QC meeting\n - Second set in module meeting in two weeks",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}