{
    "id": "8",
    "text": "# 24/03/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/874227/\n## List of jobs during home-office time\nItem | Responsible\nQC group - metrology | Sven/Matt/Oskar/Alyssa\nQC group - weighing | Jane/Emma/Luise\nQC group - hybrid assembly | William/Hongbo/Sarah\nQC group - module assembly | Karola/Liv/Will\nQC group - electrical test | Nathan/Priscilla/Bob/Martin/Alison/Ruchi\nQC group - wire bonding | Forest/Simon/Carles\nNew QC group - visual inspection | \nModule definition in DB | Matthew + NN\nTests and Test levels in DB / ITSDAQ (classification cuts) | Matthew + MM\nDB upload power user / tester | Matthew + OO\nDB script development | Matthew + PP\nSpec re-review | \nQA overviews | \nCleaning procedures | \nShipping procedures | Carles\nITk-wide \u201cideal\u201d cleanroom instructions / e-learning thing / safety course style | \nBarrel hybrid procurement | Bart/Adrian/Ash\nBarrel powerboard procurement | Timon/Carl\nEC hybrid/powerboard procurement | Ulli/Kambiz/Dennis\nHybrid layout review on EDMS | Ash/Kambiz\nPowerboard layout review on EDMS | Timon/Dennis\nTool review on EDMS (incl. tolerance drawings) | Sven/Marc\nTransport box review on EDMS | Craig/Dennis\nTest frame review on EDMS | Ash/Kambiz\nHybrid crate PCB review on EDMS | \nReview/summary of DCS boards for setups | \nModule test peripheral PCBs (power adapter etc.) | \nPolaris \u201cto bi-pak or not to bi-pak\u201d | Vitaliy/Forest/Luise\nHybrid/module assembly video instructions | \nWhat documentation is required for site qualification? | \nBurn in software development | Ben\nModule thermal cycling software development | Ankush\nMaintain site qualification survey (link below) | all\nMaintain QC setup survey (link below) | all\n## Minutes\n### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)\n- Table of ideas shown for what could be done during work from home\n- Table live edited during discussion\n- This table will be included in Andy\u2019s general ITk table\n- Link to document list:\nhttps://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Wz0AGhhRxJEstdy0W28KCHNPt69i1i2NIaYVqpiiShU/edit?usp=sharing\n- Link to site qualification twiki with surveys:\nhttps://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/viewauth/Atlas/ITKStripSiteQualification\n### ABC130 paper\n- none\n### US cluster\n- none\n### UK/China cluster\n- none\n### Vancouver cluster\n- none\n### DESY cluster\n- none\n### Freiburg cluster\n- none\n### Valencia cluster\n- none\n### AoB\n- General comment that lots of the missing things are database related\n - Come to database meetings on Fridays\n - Look at the how-to guides made by Luise\n- When will tool designs be finalised/ready?\n - Sven currently finishing designs\n - Present changes in the next module meeting\n - EDMS review once things are ready\n- EC/barrel planning meetings being combined - email to follow\n## Actions\nNone",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}