{
    "id": "100",
    "text": "# 21/06/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1154784/\n### Introduction\n- Temporary wires reduce to 1\n - Ingo: agrees\n - William: also agrees\n - All agree.\n - Add to document the numbers of wires for split-modules\n - Hybrid-to-hybrid only doubled on petal\n - Mark: might have to reverse back to 2 bonds if it shows that bonds break a lot during shipping\n - Adendum: have to use 2 bonds when shown that they regularly break during transport\n- For fex thickness, need to be careful which flex thickness is picked.\n - First: use average flex thickness\n - Only if there is an issue with the module, can look at value for particular array to see if this could result in the module to be in specification\n- Vitaliy: define again what PPB3 is?\n - Luise: PPB1 is 4 staves/ 4 petals for systems test FDR; PPB2 is staves/petals for module PRR, PPB3 is last phase where all remaining planned staves/petals could be build (but don\u2019t have to)\n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\nAnd also task tracker for updates\n- 21/06/2022: EC\n- 28/06/2022: Barrel\n- 05/07/2022: EC\n- 12/07/2022: Barrel\nold tasks\n- Barrel single module transport box - Final check of pre-prod builds\n - Do we have enough statistics to close this task?\n - UK and US agree we have a working system\n- US module thermal cycling setup\n - No plans to build any more boxes, all intended boxes have been built, last one will be distributed soon\n- Shipping readiness (incl import procedure)\n - Can close the ASIC compliance letter requirement\n- Single Hybrid Testing Database Implementation\n - No one is aware of any problems\n - Visualisation of uploaded data in the database seems to have issues, but it\u2019s only the visualisation, data is there\n- Hybrid Burn In Software\n - Ilona working on remaining issues, more information will be given on Wednesday\n- Single Module Test Database Implementation\n - Still idea to have a module specific test in the future\n - Bruce: any situations where we need pass/fail criteria in addition to hybrid pass/fails which would be needed to analyse individual results?\n - Not enough end-cap modules yet to judge\n- Multi Module Test\n - Ankush and his student are working on it\n- Modules for Test Beam\n - R1 has been built, other PPB modules haven\u2019t\n - Sensors are being irradiated\n - R0 module in IRRAD has issues\n- Glue Studies\n - Ongoing, contacting manufacturers to get larger quantities\n### Institute Contributions\n- Freiburg\n - Vitaly: are you also going to prototype different test frames?\n - Uli: depends on outcome of discussion in meeting tomorrow\n - Vitaliy: we had one occasion where a module was not readable because of test frame. Moving a module between different test frames might be a possibility\n - Luise: one test missing is to put a high-noise module onto a petal. This should be an indicator on how much noise is caused by test frame\n - Vitaliy: for powerboard variants, version 1 was designed by Ash and was an FR4 circuit, would it be an option to prototype with FR4?\n - Uli: would prefer to have a final solution that is close to the final design - doesn\u2019t help if we have an FR4 powerboard with low noise\n - Can do it if people think it is useful - it\u2019s faster and lower cost\n - William: noticed annotated delivery schedule in back-up, when are R4 and R5 going to be available?\n - Uli: R4 & R5 should come out of QC end of next week. There was a solder splash that wasn\u2019t flagged correctly in the past and needs to be understood\n - Want to sort out remaining issues before sending out R4 and R5 hybrids\n - Uli: powerboards will be QCed after hybrids\n - Carles: for powerboards, have stopped all flavours?\n - Uli: don\u2019t give green light for further production until all QC is done.\n - Carles: plan is to continue with QC and not wait with un-split powerboards\n - Uli: yes, will not stop un-split modules until experts say so\n - Luise: this is something that will be discussed as well in the meeting tomorrow\nNext week: NBI, RAL\n### Plan for mechanical glue tests\n- Luise; are you limited to 30 samples?\n - Mike: no, can do more. Have currently 60 aluminium plates in hand, but can get more\n - Luise: please include polaris as comparison\n - Luise: not sure if pre-curing times of none 20, 40 are required since currently true blue needs 75min pre-curing\n - Luise: would be good to include samples for irradiation and for thermal cycling\n- Vitaliy: for pre-curing times keep 40mins, which is in range of what is typically used. Concur with samples for irradiation\n- Vitaliy: should be far easier to control volume than the pattern\n- Vitaliy: is the mechanical engineering department also involved in making the lab joints and are there other requirements?\n - Mike: received lab joints from mechanical department. Will talk to them to get more.\n- Luise: could you please let us know the size of the samples so that we can organise irradiation?\n - Mike: yes\n- Luise: from Cole\u2019s previous tests it was shown that it is important that the glue areas are comparable\n - Mike: have a jig to do this\n - Vitaliy: keeping the aluminium plates parallel was important\n### AOB\n-",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}