{
    "id": "208",
    "text": "# 2025-01-14 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1497535/\n### Introduction\nPresenter: Cole Helling\n- No questions \u2026 at least Cole couldn\u2019t hear any due to headphone issues\n### L4 Updates\n#### Topic ITSDAQ: everything that\u2019s changed in the last few months\nPresenter: Peter Philips:\n- Tony: Are you linking this to the agenda so I can share it?\n - Peter: Yes I will and also add the bits I forgot to add regarding bad channels.\n - Tony: I think the noise occupancy makes sense to me it just needs to be a failed chanel so masked off\n - Peter: Of the 3 out of 4 they do fail. \n - Tony: we should make sure they get masked off\t\n- Tony: For IV scans, we\u2019re seeing some negative current values. I wasn\u2019t sure if it was related to what you\u2019re talking about or not.\n - Peter: I am not on the mattermost, I have seen the occasional negative IV. It occurred to me while putting files together there may be something going on there, check when the DAQ was last updated.\n - Tony: I\u2019ll try to get you connected to that channel.\n - Peter: for example if the design reister was 18ohms you would expect a tolerance of 15% but I can see there are examples of 50 % so it's not physical. I don't think people want to understand it further, we might want to go back to default values\n - Tony: Okay. What we\u2019re seeing is that with DCDC off it is negative but normal (positive) when DCDC off.\n - Peter: Our scans are done with DCDC on and something with DCDC off?\n - Tony: I wasn\u2019t sure if it was linked to this.\n - Alex: We just reported in ITSDAQ Talk.\n - Peter: I will look later, I am aware of it have seen it on at least one of the staves here\n- Luise: For the folder structure. Maybe it\u2019s just me, but when I go through results, I usually go through results. Would it be possible to add to the folder name the SN of the component? That way we can say which belongs to which?\n - Peter: We can discuss offline, first instinct, that's not a good idea, because it will produce a large number of folders that we do not need. You can do a pattern match for files with \n - Cole: You can use Linux find to look for files of a particular serial number\n - Luise: it would be convenient because when you scroll maybe I am overthinking this\n - Peter: We would also have to be careful if we have JaneDoes\n - Luise: if you scroll though and you see jane doe but you might miss something\n - Peter: Hmmm\n- Cole: I\u2019m sure folks are interested in testing our SAFE_MODE, but I suspect this is not yet available in coldjiglib. We should probably send the commands to people so they can test this standalone.\n - Peter: Munier is already working on this\n - Ankush: what peter said\n- Cole: I ran master recently and it did give me the OOS errors right after an IV, but it seemed to correct itself shortly after. Was this fixed with a buffer flush or am I perhaps seeing a different problem?\n - Peter: There is a buffer flush that I added\n - Cole: It seems to still be fixing at the chips\n - Peter: It shouldn't be doing that\n - Cole: I did have to restart so that could be the reason\n### QCD Corner\nPresenter: Cole Helling\n- No one opposes monthly pull tests being descoped\n- William: for those topics that still require data we have lots of data on X/Y position and ASIC tilt \n - Cole: i have seen the data you have lots of it and its great\n - William: I assume the barrel is the same but will be site by site basis\n - Cole: We wanted to keep this and continue with interposers to make sure it doesn\u2019t \n - William: that is true we have 11000 non interposed but only 40 non interposed so \n - Cole: we don't need the same amount for interposed\n- Tony: What is the number we need for the data?\n - Cole: 4 petals and 4 staves\n - Tony: These would have to be array interposed?\n - Cole: Yes \n - Cole: if you have a lots of non interposed and interposed data that should be enough data\n - Tony: They should be similar but the one to look out for will be the PB as we are now using the edge instead of the hole\n- Ewan: with regards to descoping site by site or cluster by cluster what is the process?\n - Cole: You do exactly what you need to do, send me an email with the data or point me to it. \n - Ewan: just making sure we won't have \n- William: Assuming for the flex QC you will want some consumers?\n - Cole: there is lots about flex QC i am not aware of so yes \n### Discussion Start Point: Module QC Chain\nPresenter: Cole Helling\n- No questions",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}