{
    "id": "14",
    "text": "# 02/06/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/874237/\n## Minut es\n### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)\n- Nothing\n### HV tab - helper hardware (Forest)\n- Seems that this could be a case of rates etc.\n - Tool can be useful if needed for throughput\n - Gluing hooks on does work if can be done in the time\n - No cases of the hook breaking before the tab\n- Would be useful to understand time saving\n - Forest will do some example calculations\n### Tool spares discussion (Karola)\n- Should we treat different parts of the toolset differently?\n - Spare should be a full set to cover if one site goes down and need another site to cover\n - Would not want to take tools from the site that is down as that would stop them coming up and running\n - However: might make sense to have less spares for things like weights (which are not likely to get damaged) and more for stencils (which are quite likely to become unusable)\n- Marc has proposed spare numbers for R0 already\n - Makes sense to look at these numbers and just mimic them?\n - Production management will update the tables based on these R0 estimates\n - Have to take into account production cluster and how we would have to redistribute tools if a site goes down\n - Dennis to add comments to R0 explaining rationale\n- Will be presented next week\n### Shimming (Luise)\n- Be aware of HV-tab when using shims during module assembly steps\n - Can cut-out parts of the shim to avoid HV-tab, aim to just have on pedestals\n- Noted that this shimming is meant to just be for now\n - For production, tools and parts should be within spec\n - Shimming in production is exceptional situation and will need to be discussed case-by-case\n- Should we put shimming into the documents?\n - Given it is a get out of jail and far from the baseline, it should not go into the documents\n - Should concentrate on completing the documents for the nominal procedures, this is useful to have in our back pockets\n - Troubleshooting could go in another document or an appendix (once we have the main body of the QC documents complete)\n### AoB\n- None\n## Actions\n1. Iterate EC spares policy for discussion next week (Dennis/production management)",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}