{
    "id": "22",
    "text": "# 11/08/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/927514/\n## Minutes\n### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)\n- Gerrit brings up \u201cthe EFuse discussion\u201d (AMAC review questioned EFuse rad resistance)\n - We should prep a way to deal with this in case we do have a problem\n - E.g. pull wires at stave loading?\n - No prob in module cold test, Efuses can still be used there\n - Paul: there is zero evidence that EFuses are not rad hard enough, don\u2019t go crazy yet!\n - Ash: is HCC also potentially affected?\n - Paul: same issue would affect HCC, yes, but let\u2019s see if we do have a problem first and also there should be straight forward mitigation options\n - Ingo: we did not really test drive the EFuse after irrad, have we?\n - Craig: no, but we can take TID-ed hybrids and do that first check\n - Paul: lifetime checks however take longer and are also needed\n - Tony: we have some confirmation from the person who did the IP for nr of cycles etc that there should not be a lifetime issue\n- Module and sensor specs don\u2019t match with respect to bad channels (1% in modules vs 2% for sensors) \u2192 have to change this so it matches\n- Module document specifies wider thickness range than sensor documents, was probably taken from outdated information. Needs to be updated\n- Endcap hybrids in their current version rejected, Kambiz is not connected so will have to be followed up offline. \n - Should have dedicated presentation about problems and solutions in next module meeting!\n- Dennis will go through power board comments and check which ones apply to specific type and which ones apply to all of them and implement them accordingly \n- Barrel tools rejected, Sven will update barrel tools according to comments \n- Endcap tools: some comments seem more like \u201crejected\u201d than \u201caccepted with warning\u201d\n - Marc doesn\u2019t know how to proceed, since every time new things come up\n - Not clear how to get to final design\n - First step: copy all comments into common document, sort out all that are not strictly necessary for working tool and reject those\n - Implement remaining ones and declare result final design\n- Things that got rejected have to be reviewed again, what\u2019s the deadline for that?\n - Worrisome if new versions are on EDMS later than two weeks from now\n - Should try have things accepted by the end of this month or latest mid September\n- Barrel power board pickup tool doesn\u2019t match endcap tool why?\n - Barrel tool follows endcap tool since that design was available first\n - Not completely true because some changes were made to endcap design later\n - How to proceed? \u2192 should check that final versions are compatible\n - Problem because hybrid designs not final (R5)\n - Should target to keep all files belonging to one type in one document\n - Approve what is there now, reject the whole set once missing designs become available and \u201cre-review\u201d whole set (by basically just looking at new drawings)\n- Task tracker:\n - Endcap tool production \u2192 Karo to send list of names to Craig to add as responsibles\n - Lot of tasks for modules, but all are important so removing any doesn\u2019t seem sensible\n - Any tasks missed? No comment, will add link to task tracker to agenda\n - Have to follow up on tasks somehow, might be too much for module meeting\n - Reports could be in form of text added to tracker or slides presented in meeting\n### Cicorel discussion (Simon, Gerrit, Karo)\n- Delvotec ones are smaller than Hesse ones, but not limited in supply, about 240 and 280 US$ per piece (5cm by 5cm)\n - Seems rather expensive (about 10 times more expensive than other quotes)\n- US buys directly from Hesse, no intention to buy anything else\n - ~21$ per board, delivery time 6-8 weeks\n - Would they buy for whole US? Yes\n - Could they buy for all sites? Have to check in kind contributions since whole order quite expensive\n - UK quote in the middle, about 55 Euro per board\n - Only 100 boards left though\n - US to buy for themselves, Endcap and Barrel combine orders?\n - Has anybody contacted cicorel directly? Not sure how, has been done in the past so there should be a way to do so\n - Bart will try to dig up old conversation with them\n - US has very good working relationship with Hesse USA and they insist on getting results from Hesse boards \n - Do we have to give feedback to Hesse all the time? Not clear yet\n - Final decision: figure out if we can order directly from Cicorel, US probably to buy their own boards. To be re-discussed once we get info from cicorel\n### Karo\u2019s discussion wishlist (Karo as herself)\n- QA/QC documents:\n - Step by step guide nice, but might be too much work\n - Find new set of people or every institute on their own? Sound less desirable\n - Could consider full document and having joined google doc with short lists where things that are not as important are removed \u2192 live document to be used during pre-production A\n - Full document is what has to be used for site qualification\n - If we need shorter versions of documents, we need to find time to get them done\n - What do we want from short version? Can be printed out and put next to setups for cross-checking what to do\n - How much detail? Isn\u2019t it site specific?\n - Suggestion: keep documents as they are, sites to make their own detailed checklists\n - Would be helpful to have examples from sites as guidelines for others\n - Collect them on twiki?\n - QC groups to mail Craig and Ingo to announce when document is ready, put it on EDMS, kick off review, sites can upload detailed checklists to site qualification twiki \u2192 Karo will add bullet points for every site to do so\n - Documents need to include database upload guidelines\n- IV curves\n - Temperature and humidity requirements don\u2019t match in sensor and module documents, need to make sure this gets adjusted\n - Some documents lack info wrt temp and humidity \n - Have to vote on maximum voltage (500V vs 700V)\n - Temperature just need to be stable, exact value not important. Correct results to 20C afterwards\n - Measure temp of jig to get temp? Could just attach NTC to chuck. Should make sure what we plan to do isn\u2019t unnecessary overkill\n - Luise will look into cleanroom requirements\n - Karo and Bart to summarise testing requirements wrt humidity\n - Have to figure out process for how to decide on maximum voltage\n - What makes the most sense scientifically and what is available? Need to find group of people that can look into this and make a decision based on facts\n - Vitaliy and Ingo to arrange meeting for this (ITk week? Might be too late)\n - Situation different for different clusters depending on where the sensor QC takes place \u2192 might have different final decision for different clusters\n - Invite all sites to that meeting so they can give input about eventual limitations at their site\n- Hardware for burn-in and cold box\n - Need to let sites know what to buy in terms of power supplies etc.\n - Are missing information from DESY wrt endcap cold box and burn-in hardware\n - Will discuss what we can in this week\u2019s QA/QC meeting and discuss leftover things in the module meeting next week",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}