{
    "id": "111",
    "text": "# 20/09/2022 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1191856/\n### Introduction\nSlide 9: \n- Ingo: which hybrids should this work for?\n - Christian W: Should be for PPB, for barrel it should work for all\n - Christian W: it should produce config files for all hybrid types, but they might be wrong. We created, check them and I can update the code\n - Christian W: the scripts are currently not on git, but I am in contact with Ian\n - Tony: issue is that main branch was still local? Matt had some issues with this. Did this got fixed?\n - Ingo: you talk about the burn-in web gui?\n - Ingo: Ilona checked the repository and was surprised about Matts issues\n - Tony: it would be good to get this fixed\nSlide 2: \n- Tony: tab layout was changed. Is there a list of changes?\n - Luise: just changed it for EC\nSlide 6: \n- Tony: do we have a schedule for this?\n - Luise: we target Upgrade week for this\n - Tony: we need to discuss this earlier for yields. Don\u2019t see a good reason to change parameters\n - Tony: can we accelerate the descoping?\n - Luise: currently, if a test fails it should be failed. But the component can still be used. At the moment we need to know how many components fail the test, but are still usable.\n- Bart: we discussed planning slide (from Craig during ITk week) internally in UK and the need for 8 staves and 8 petals for the PRR. Worried about reaching this target\n - Luise: if we do find that things do not change much, then we could potentially use the current cold noise staves for this and then have 6 staves in hand. At the moment it is not easy to make this decision\n - Luise: we have already 4 staves and are currently building 2 staves (1 US, 1 UK) for cold noise studies; so barrel is not too bad (if those 2 staves can be used)\n - Luise: PPB petals is a completely different issue and they are on a different timeline\n - Luise: for the module PRR, the modules for the last 4 staves have to be build with the full QC chain. If steps are skipped, they don\u2019t count towards this.\n- Gabriella: we need to be careful to decide if we accept the staves with increased glue height for systems test, then noise should not be an issue\n - Luise: it\u2019s not about the systems test, but the module PRR\n - Andy: then would the date for the module PRR move?\n - Luise: it depends on if the staves count, and how many modules we have to build to get all module PRR modules ready for the review\n - Luise: if there is a fundamental change in module building procedure, then it would require to build more modules.\n - Luise: until we know what we can do to fix the cold noise issue, it is not easy to make a statement right now.\nSlide 10: \n- Tony: you cool down the chuck to -35C?\n - Luise: yes\n - Tony: how do you define the module temperature? Hybrid NTC, \u2026?\n - Luise: is the code in ITSDAQ or do you use something else?\n - Tony: there are different variants in ITSDAQ, so it would be good to know which version we should use to get the right temperature\n - Ian: everythin is in the main branch now, the only tricky thing is to calibrate the PTAT output. This needs to be done in the same instance of ITSDAQ\n - Tony: would be good to have information on how to do this somewhere, or if not main branch which version to use\n - Luise: you could provide different temperatures, e.g. NTC, PTAT\n - Ian: we can put instructions\n - Tony: would be nice to have it on the cold noise TWiki\nSlide 11\n- Sven: just don\u2019t use the scripts right now, we are doing some final tests\n - Sven: we will let you know when they are ready to be used\nSlide 14\n- Ingo: is there anything on the new frames to recognize them?\n - Luise: they are green and have only been send to dedicated sites\n - Uli: think Kambiz has increased the version number, but will follow it up\n- Luise: do yo know when you do the slow control test?\n - Dennis: this week\n- William: we can move the hybrids to only have half of the hybrids, but will have to do this by hand since the tools are not available\n - Ingo: just need to make sure this is communicated with the sites\n - William: yes, we will do this\n- Carles: who is doing the trace fix on the hybrids?\n - Dennis: Freiburg for all that are still in house, but there are some in Toronto\n - William: we will try do do it with the hybrids we have\n - Dennis: if it\u2019s already bonded, don\u2019t touch it. It it is not bonded, you can try\n - William: then we would sacrifice those assembled hybrids?\n - Dennis: they can still be used\n - Carles: don\u2019t fully understand it\n - Dennis: it only affects the physics mode tests. So the full test works, but the dropdown tests will not work on the non-HCC hybrids\n - Dennis: this only affects the non-full test tests. And there is a way to run physics mode without these traces\n - William: it sounds more dangerous to fix it on already bonded hybrids\n - Dennis: yes, because you need to remove the bonds and then re-bond it. Would rather not touch the bonded hybrids\n - Luise: and the next R5 hybrids for toronto you will fix before shipping?\n - Dennis: yes\n - William: will try with the 4 pairs of non-bonded hybrids we have (6 pairs already bonded)\n - William: alle the R5 PPB-1 hybrids then are good?\n - Luise: potentially good\n- Carles: for R4 PPB you mean 16 petals?\n - Dennis: yes\n - Luise; would it be possible to order more?\n - Dennis: there have to be more for the production quantity, but not clear when they will be available (take hybrids for last petals from those)?\n - Luise; does the production QC work when you do the QC first before soldering the shield box?\n - Dennis: not really, shieldbox has to be soldered before AMAC is bonded\n - Uli: we didn\u2019t have the shieldbox when the population happened\n - Dennis: which is good since we wouldn\u2019t have enough powerboards for the modifications\n - Uli: will discuss if more can be ordered\n - William: we are doing a limited number of R0, R1 & R2, but is there anything we know already for the R3?\n - Dennis: not really. R3 has higher noise, but not as much as other modules.\n - William: so what works for R4 & R5, you will have to do for R3 as well?\n - Dennis: worked on the filtering and will also do it for R1 to R2\n - Dennis: R3 will be before R4 and R5\n - William: just wanted to understand the order\n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\nAnd also task tracker for updates\n- 20/09/2022: EC\n- 27/09/2022: Barrel\n- 04/10/2022: EC\n- 11/10/2022: Barrel\n- R1 tool production\n - Will be sent out soon\n- Endcap module thermal cycling setup\n - \n- EC hybrid test-panel finalisation\n - R5 panels need fixing\n- Production of R0 and R1 test frames\n - No news\n- Production of R2 test frames\n - No news\n- Production of R3, R4 and R5 test frames\n - Latest batch has problems, but not due to design problems, but due to manufacturing problems, new batch will be made soon\n- Production of stencils\n - R1 and R2 stencils in Vancouver, will be distributed soon\n - R0 and R5 stencils ordered in Valencia, expected next week\n - R4 ordered in Prague\n### Institute Contributions\n- \nNext week: SCIPP\n- \n### AOB\n-",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}