{
    "id": "2",
    "text": "# 14/01/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/874164/\n## Actions carried over\n1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish)\n## Watching brief\nItem | Responsible | Next update expected\nHV tab bonding | Jens | 03/02/2020\nHybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 03/02/2020\nModule thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 03/02/2020\nPowerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 03/02/2020\nBarrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 03/02/2020\nBarrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 03/02/2020\nEC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 03/02/2020\nEC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 03/02/2020\nBarrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 03/02/2020\n- People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!)\n- Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting\n## \n## Minutes\n### Introduction (Craig & Ingo)\n- Anything else than in list on page 2? No comments\n - Dave: how do I understand a watching brief? \n - Give regular updates, more focus on those topics than usual\n- What are QC groups supposed to do? \n - Look through existing documents, identify open issues, present during ITk week what needs to be tackled next, what status is in general\n - Need nice instructions for pre-production, QC groups are supposed to bring us closer to a state where we have those\n - Groups need to comply with documents provided!\n - Bob volunteers for electrical tests\n - Start from documents that were written for module FDR\n### Site Qualification Survey (Karola)\n- No questions\n### FMC-DP Status (Craig)\n- Send email to Craig if you need a \u201cmulti module to nexys\u201d card (aka FMC-DP) by ITk week or afterwards\n- Update google doc (linked in slides) for DAQ board counting\n### AoB\n- None\n## New Actions\n1. Send site quali document email (Karola)",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}