{
    "id": "79",
    "text": "# 07/12/2021 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1084887/\n### Introduction\n- Hybrid flex components in database now updated for PPB (hybrid arrays, hybrid flex panels)\n- Tony: sensor IV qualification is for reception, not post tabbing?\n - Luise: if a tab is attached, it is a module IV\n### Task tracker items\nUpdates to tasks - see task tracker link in agenda\nAnd also task tracker for updates\n- 07/12/2021: EC tasks\n- 14/12/2021: Barrel tasks\n- 11/01/2021: EC tasks\n- 18/01/2021: Barrel tasks\n- R0 tool production\n- R1 tool production\n- R2 tool production\n- R4 tool production\n- EC PPA/prototype hybrid order\n- Powerboard testing setup roll-out\n- Production of bonding and testing jigs\n- Production of R0 and R1 test frames\nComments from Sergio about the misalignment of ground screw hole and testing jig (to be added to test frame EDMS review), discussion about how to ground test frames on jigs\nComment from Marc: current feedback shows that we might want to hold off on producing full test frame order, since feedback is coming in\n- Production of R2 test frames\n- Production of R3, R4 and R5 test frames\n- R2 EC glass dummy sensors\n- SMD tendering for EC pre-production/production hybrids\n- Irradiated R5 module for December 2021 Testbeam\n### End-cap module wire bond numbering proposal\n- Forest: question about referencing: do we want to start with bonding signal and data bonds first without referencing the frame first?\n - Bond map is only a reference to identify bonds, not a prescription on how to wire-bond (order of bonds)\n- William: will this be a standard everyone has to follow?\n - No, people can bond however they want, this is just a universal mapping\n- Luise: it would be good if groups can look into their wire-bond scheme to minimize translation between the wire-bonder and the document. Document could be changed if there is a majority.\n- Sergey: will start email discussion about requests\n- Barrel: needs to do the same thing, will be done as soon as Sven has time\n### LinPol reliability testing\n- Luise: TID test of first AMACstar - is there some TID testing from SEU to make the decision or do you need the slow dose rate?\n - Just something to compare with AMACV2a\n- Tony: is pre-irradiation sufficient or do you want to do it slow?\n - Craig: depends on the day 0 number\n- Ashley: isn\u2019t the peak we pass on to the AMAC under software control?\n - No, it\u2019s internal to the powerboard and therefore requires deciding whether to include the bPol as a backup or not\n- Vitaly: for PPB you can change the capacitors; waiting for irradiation would be later then when the powerboards are needed; if you have enough linPOLs loading more boards would be helpful\n - Tony: is it obvious how to translate the failures?\n- Ashley: comment: with using the wrong capacitor value, pushed 0 to a higher frequency, probably causes oscillating which then causes failures (need a margin of at least 30% or more, can cause oscillation at the output and kill it)\n - Looked at some, frequency is very low\n - Ashley: surprised, expected high frequency\n - Ash: if you don\u2019t know what the phase margin is, it is difficult to say how valid the measurement is, need the phase margin to see how close we are to stability\n- Tony: 1% failure at 80 mA is concerning\n- Ashley: do one more board to understand the failure mode\n- Craig: if we do an extra board, is there any reason not to do four?\n - Zhicai: no\n - Craig: propose to do four more with correct capacitors and repeat\n- Craig: how much detail of this was discussed with Stefano?\n - From Stefano: pointed out that the phase margin was wrong and the high failure rate was not surprising\n - Craig: load with correct capacitors and repeat these tests to see if we see the same failure rate with correct phase margin\n- Ashley: one other quick check would be with a thermal imaging camera to look for localized heat in an LDO \n - Have a thermal camera, but can\u2019t run board without cooling\n- Dennis: should also consider that capacitors loose capacitance over time\n - All elements are exactly same parts as in powerboards\n - Dennis: capacitance will age, especially after long time (1000h); should not conclude that with 10u we are fine for the full detector life\n- Vitaliy: from Dennis\u2019 description: maybe someone should check the ageing of the 10 uF capacitors\n - Dennis: known process - known degradation for first 1000 hours after soldering\n - Literature about it available, can check\n - Vitaliy: maybe someone should do this, including irradiation, as a dedicated task, if we can\n- Vitaliy: sounds like all PPA boards are affected, what do we do about them? Should we be fixing them?\n - Tony: what current are they drawing now? Craig: currently: about 42mA AMACs, much further away from the edge\n - Vitaliy: does it mean we want to live with it\n - Craig: live with it for PPA, so far haven\u2019t seen any of these failures so far\n - Dennis agrees: PPA structures won\u2019t be required to have longevity anyway\n- Ashley: wouldn\u2019t be the way forward to go to use the known current and ask them what phase margin we do have and ask them what the phase margin is\n - Vitaliy: wondering if this has implications for the next board\n- Vitaliy: proposal to repeat this with corrected capacitors and add data point for 40 mA\n- Zhicai: yes, planning to continue and can accommodate - will check if values below 80 mA can be achieved\n- Vitaliy: values seem to depend on current - do they also depend on temperature?\n - Zhicai: not sure\n - Vitaliy: might want to include this in questions for CERN: what is the expected temperature dependence of this? Does cooling help?\n- Craig: for regulators, is there a target phase margin people should design to?\n - Ash: yes, should be targeting at least 30 degrees or better for stability (quoted values on slides don\u2019t look good)\n - Craig: would be good to find out what the phase margin would be at 40 degrees C with the correct components and compare\n-> would be good to have a feeling for how much we would gain by using the correct components\n - Ashley: 20 degrees C and 100mA is probably too close to instability\n### SQ feedback discussion\n- Question: reduce requirements of 10cm foam for domestic shipping, assuming the 25g indicator is not triggered\n - Ingo: original recommendation came from large amount of shipping\u000bIf lose requirements, should at least collect information for an informed decision\n - Luise: different configuration of multi-module shipment box and Peli Case\n - Ingo: should at least collect all the information\n - Tony: is recorded in database\n - Luise: but database does not record packaging information\n - Luise/Ingo: add these as comments to the shipping\n- Vitaliy: don\u2019t ship just bare Peli boxes, put them in larger boxes with padding\n- Gerrit: should avoid bare Peli cases, so just some packaging is highly recommended; 10cm of foam is not that much, why are \n - Vitaliy: shipment cost depends on volume\n - Bart: 10cm foam around Peli case exceeds standard box range\u000bAlready 5cm would make them fit\n - Luise: would put them in a larger box with some packaging\n - Bart: yes\n - Vitaliy: same for US, ship Peli box in larger box\n - Gerrit: modules from Berkely in Peli box, which was in a larger box with peanuts: one of the 25g schock indicators was triggered\n - Bart: had some shipment where indicator on outside of box was triggered, but inside was fine\n - Ingo: past studies have showed that peanuts (even outside) is not good [bad performance]\n### AOB\n- Tony: receiving sensors, doing tabbing and doing IVs takes time\u000bSuggestion: ship sensors as soon as groups have qualified for HV tabbing, even if they haven\u2019t fully qualified for PPA, to help with timing\n- Luise: starting to deliver PPA module components, even if not fully qualified\n- Tony: only ship sensors\n- Luise: had a discussion\n - When HV-tabbing step is completed and approved (all data uploaded) groups can request to receive part of the sensors\n - Tony: splitting the small volume would not make sense\n - Luise: will need some more time to discuss it first and then communicate the final decision.\n### Controlled demolition: Tails from the Crypt [Silicon]\n- Postponed to next week",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}