{
    "id": "145",
    "text": "# 25/07/2023 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting\nhttps://indico.cern.ch/event/1289849/\n### Introduction\nSlide 3\n- Vitaliy: what was the issue with the other high noise R3 module\n - Luise: Toronto will show an update where they discuss this\n - Luise: other issue was not well controlled glue layer\nSlide 8\n- William: are the yield calculations based on pre-production or production?\n - Luise: both. Barrel is both, for EC it depends a bit on availability of parts/data\n### ITSDAQ news\n- Tony: merge request is what people want. Is there an estimated schedule? (parallel ramping)\n - Peter: good news: Karol is testing it this week, including interaction of cold jig software and ITSDAQ\n - Peter: bad news: in the process it diverged from something we wanted\n - Peter: gonna be next month, but not too far into next month\n - Tony: for first set of production modules we want to use the full set of tests. Like to reproduce what we have seen at Cambridge, but can\u2019t\n - Cole: planning to look into it as well\n### Institute Contributions: \nCelestica\nSlide 6\n- Vitaliy: good that you check things out. The pin height is not terrible wrong. Do you know how far the glue would stop from edge of the sensor if the pins were set correctly? Did you do mechanical tests with glass?\n - Laurelle: this is something we plan to do next. We only have one powerboards. We did some tests with glass and shims. Glue trials follow next.\n - Vitaliy: it would be useful to do this before using any new tool. Without knowing how well it works, you risk real parts\n - William: have no test parts to test with, only have one powerboard now\n - Vitaliy: but you need practice parts if you want to check a tool set\n- Marc: this was the first tool that was finished and then sent out.\n - Marc: also not very confident that the powerboards will stay in spec\n - Vitaliy: you should be able to test the parts. For production management, would be good to see how to get parts for testing in the future\n - Marc: and we haven\u2019t found a good way of doing dummy powerboards\n - Luise: also discussing this with toronto. The reason why we think the stencil is fine is because it was already tested with other tools/module types. For R3 because its a new powerboard/tool we need more tests\n- Pavol: are the pins are fastened to the position. In the previous version they could be easily moved.\n - Marc: stil the same design, pins may be held in place with glue, but they can be readjusted\n - Laurelle: plan is to re-set them once we confirm that this was the reason for the problem\n- Pavol: powerboard flex thickness can be anything between 200 and 300 microns, it fluctuates a lot - always scan actual powerboard thickness before using it\n - Laurelle: been considering this as well\n - Pavol: not feasible for production, but doable for pre-production\nSlide 17\n- Luise: it would be good to build small numbers first then look at the issues before continuing\n - William: they all work actually\n - Luise: e.g. if there is glue on guard ring that needs to be avoided\n- Vitaliy:on the matter that they work, did you do cold tests?\n - William: yes, all cycled 10 times and they work\n- Slide 9: \n- Vitaliy: left plot is delta compared to? \n - Laurelle: target\n - Vitaliy: what is the tolerance?\n - William: 30-50mg. \n - Vitaliy: it feels like it varies a lot.\n - Vitaliy: you are using stencils. Who is depositing the glue and how?\n - William: someone following the normal procedure\n - Vitaliy: in past we have found that this is not as well controlled and therefore we moved to automatic dispensing\n - William: we can expect to have new people every couple of months and they need to be trained\n - Vitaliy: it is possible to automate, check with LBL\nSlide 12\n- Vitaliy: which end of hybrid is PB_1?\n - Laurelle: in bondpad area to frame/petal\n - Vitaliy: this is where the glue squeezes out?\n - Laurelle: for some, not all (different tool)\n - Vitaliy: plots are indicative of issue, need better process control, can check with real powerboard on glass sensors and use shim stock to check height over sensor\n - Laurelle: we did do this and it looks like we need to re-set the pins\nSlide 14: \n- Vitaliy: what is no-stick on sensor side?\n - Laurelle: when placing the wire, it does not stick when bonding on the sensor. Had to \u201crepair\u201d this\n - Vitaliy: a few wires or individual wires\n - Laurelle: no more than ten wires\n - Vitaliy\n### End-cap powerboard design finalisation\n- [missing some discussion]\n- \n- Luise: you are certain that this does not make it worse?\n - Dennis: yes. This particular capacitor design tombstones a lot in manual and automated SMD assembly. With the changed footprint we will see if the rate improves.\n - Dennis: in terms of noise performance it should not change at all\n- Craig: no strong feelings against it and Peter also agrees with the change\nApproved.\n- Dennis: main thing missing are test coupon results\n### Proposed change to cold cycling procedure (IV test)\n- Luise: would like to add an IV scan after the longterm stability test.\n - Ankush: sure\n- Vitaliy: why would the ramp up and down be a scan?\n - Ankush: would propose to only go up to 350\n - Vitaliy: if it is only up to 350V, why would it be beneficial? You ramp slower so if you measure the current it would be truer (more settling time)\n - Peter: the only way to know we have which module causes breakdown is the current. We can maybe measure the IV every 50V, but need to do it as a pseudo-IV scan\n - Vitaliy: so you want to use it for monitoring/control? That sounds good.\n- Ingo: added time seems to be scary. Was happy to reduce the full cycle time. With Peters suggestion, would that reduce the total time a bit?\n- Gerrit: shorter time is preferable. In production would like to set up cycling in afternoon and have it ready on next morning to set it up again.\n - Ankush (slide 2): have always put in the assumption that start at 15:00 and be ready at 10:00 next morning\n - Gerrit: 19 hours can still cause problems if anything goes wrong and you miss the window to have things done the next day\n - Ankush: it only depends on what we compromise on to shorten the time.\n- William: how long is it to do a test?\n - Ankush: assumption is that most of it is going up\n - William: a module scan takes something like 15-20min for 4 modules. You are assuming 10min so that is additional hidden time. And this includes a fast ram.\n - Ingo: even unbiased my test takes 12min, so it sounds like something goes wrong\n - JJ: the unbiased NO takes a long time\n- Luise: there are a few points where we want a full IV, but other points are enough to go to -350V (as Peter suggested for monitoring)\n - Ankush: we can have any sequence that people want but there are limits.\n - Luise: You have already some full IV tests there\n - Vitaliy: wouldn\u2019t limiting it to 20C would speed it up?\n - Luise: that was the starting point, so now we have more time for IV scans\n- Bruce: what should be reported in the database (e.g. for every ramp up)?\n - Luise: dedicated IVs go up to -550V. The ramping IV\u2019s could also just be an array (like a merged IV test with arrays)\n - Bruce: we are recording the parameters during the test, so you get the final currents\n - Ankush: data is also recorded in influx\n - Luise: marked IVs should be uploaded as individual tests, others we can think about it\n- Vitaly: IV ramping was an expert decision. Do we have a comparison for modules?\n - Luise: so you suggest we don\u2019t need IV from -350V to 0V\n - Vitaliy: for each thermal cycle we do the HV ramping up. Do we have data from modules where we don\u2019t do the raming?\n - Luise: think Cole has done this\n - Cole: leaving the HV an can cause some weird issues. We definitely need some data.\n - Luise: we want to keep the modules save, that is why we decided to ramp the HV down before we cycle\n - Tony: old procedure was not to ramp, and don\u2019t recollect any issues with those thermal cycling (other than Cambridge data)\n - Luise: there is some weirdness, we can bring the data for next meeting\n - Bart: think LBNL has seen some HV current spikes when leaving the HV on\n - Tony: was lower spikes and for all modules likely caused by the auto-ramping\n - Bart: we have seen issues at the same time in the same box.\n- Luise: should we do a more controlled ramping? Will discuss it again in another meeting\n### HV stability test in ITSDAQ\n- Luise: for chuck temperature, didn\u2019t mean the actual temperature but the set temperature; for humidity makes sense. If you ever want to run this test in your single module test box, a lot of this won\u2019t be there so it is useless?\n - Cole: if using FMC-IB, the code will work fine\n - Luise: but not the Grafana\n - Cole: code does not look at the environmental monitoring\n- Luise: is everyone happy that this code is meant for the multi module test box?\n - All agreed\n- Luise: for the question on where to store the data, it depends on what you run. For 2 AMAC modules, each half-module.\n - Cole: right now without database access, it does not know the module type\n - Cole: once we have auto-config with database access, it should be easier\n - Luise: if you read out the amac, do you know which one you are reading?\n - Cole: I know the mapping scheme for the modules (which AMAC for which module).\n - Luise: if you know the module type, this could probably be hard coded\n - Cole: need the module type for database upload\n - Luise: I have this R3 module with this AMAC, so look up the ring-modules for the database upload\n - Cole: the database knowledge comes from the autoconfig\n - Cole: it is not the component type, it\u2019s the serial number\n - Peter: separate numbers come from the\n - Cole: SN for half-modules is not available without the database access\n - Bruce: this is just a draft, by the time this is finalized, the database issue should be solved\n - Peter: same issue also for standard IV\n - Cole: just would like people to test the code, while we are working on database upload\n- Luise: and the fields on slide 2 are what we think we should upload to the database\n### End-cap stencil discussion\nSlide 3\n- Luise: is anyone unhappy with the stencils they have?\n - No objections\n- Pavol: we have more stencil frames in Prague\n - Luise: for all the types?\n - Pavol: yes\n - Pavol: have send the numbers to Carles a couple of months ago\n- Luise: will set up a new spreadsheet for numbers\nSlide 4\n- Luise: Prague, are you happy with your powerboard stencil design and would share it?\n - Pavol: yes\n - Luise: do you have extra stencils?\n - Pavol: no, but we could order some\n - Luise: this would probably be the time to place a larger production order\n - Pavol: just R2?\n - Luise: all types\n- Ben: current R3 design just added dots, but want to do another re-design\n - Luise; have you done R0 as well?\n - Ben: no, but will do it since we also build them\n- Marc: R1 and R0 is same, just at other position\n- Luise: is anyone happy for a combined order?\n - No objection\n- Luise: Pavol, do you have spare powerboard stencils?\n - Pavol: yes\n - Marc: there was a small design issue, so we have updated R3 spare stencils\n### DESY-Z/HU Glue Robot\nPostponed to next possible meeting (holidays of speaker)\n### AOB\n-",
    "metadata": {
        "lang": "en"
    }
}