Name,Type
side pocket,Entity
N2,Entity
Jens,Entity
irradiation,Entity
ITk week presenters,Entity
Strip Module Meeting Minutes,Entity
hybrid panel,Entity
Gerrit,Entity
Hybrid crate status,Entity
sensor,Entity
Dave/Ankush/Sergio,Entity
humidity indicators,Entity
Tony A,Entity
no questions,Entity
tutorial,Entity
be run,Entity
Barrel module frame,Entity
ITk week,Entity
Sarah & Kunlin,Entity
box,Entity
important,Entity
Barrel hybrids,Entity
Bob,Entity
module thermal cycling setup,Entity
vacuum sealing,Entity
transport frame,Entity
Carl,Entity
Christian,Entity
roll-out,Entity
quantity,Entity
coils,Entity
Luise,Entity
"EC 10,000",Entity
ATLAS,Entity
Updates,Entity
purchasing components,Entity
Barrel powerboard tendering,Entity
EDMS,Entity
Phil,Entity
google doc,Entity
Ingo,Entity
brief,Entity
Vitaliy,Entity
sealing,Entity
we,Entity
Electrical tests,Entity
hybrid crate setup,Entity
preproduction,Entity
do,Entity
Barrel hybrid tendering,Entity
trickier,Entity
Sarah,Entity
update,Entity
production,Entity
over,Entity
Timon,Entity
add,Entity
temperature range,Entity
Sergio,Entity
FMC-DP,Entity
Hybrid crate roll-out,Entity
production management,Entity
Karol,Entity
uploading test results to the database,Entity
clearance,Entity
QC document,Entity
meeting,Entity
Kambiz,Entity
QC steps,Entity
them,Entity
Dennis & Marc,Entity
labelling,Entity
samples,Entity
trickiness,Entity
barrel,Entity
Strip Module Meeting,Entity
minutes,Entity
document,Entity
validation,Entity
actions,Entity
Powerboard mass tester roll-out,Entity
responsible,Entity
module transport frame,Entity
Satish,Entity
Tony,Entity
overhead,Entity
Review office,Entity
single connector,Entity
US,Entity
holes,Entity
Minutes,Entity
Module thermal cycling roll-out,Entity
wire,Entity
isoprop,Entity
topics,Entity
CERN,Entity
sion Hongbo,Entity
powerboard mass tester,Entity
screw guidance,Entity
Bart,Entity
shipping box survey,Entity
EC hybrid/powerboard tendering,Entity
EC,Entity
FDR,Entity
assembly,Entity
Ulli,Entity
Prague,Entity
suction cups,Entity
Sven,Entity
DCDC coil order,Entity
Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out,Entity
injection moulding company,Entity
documents,Entity
pre-production,Entity
Instructions,Entity
UV LED driver,Entity
ribbing,Entity
previous commitment,Entity
mini display port,Entity
review office,Entity
sign-off,Entity
Dennis,Entity
BPOL v4,Entity
Craig & Ingo,Entity
schedule,Entity
SCIPP,Entity
list,Entity
QC boundaries,Entity
DI water,Entity
Hybrid crate,Entity
test coupon design,Entity
0.25mm core,Entity
not,Entity
output buffers,Entity
specs,Entity
Jane,Entity
Karola,Entity
Kunlin,Entity
Timon/Carl/Satish,Entity
dessicant,Entity
Didier et al.,Entity
surface,Entity
Uli,Entity
action list,Entity
Ankush,Entity
AoB,Entity
updates,Entity
email,Entity
sensor volume,Entity
google docs,Entity
Barrel powerboards,Entity
magnet tests,Entity
vacuum,Entity
Ash,Entity
DCDC coils,Entity
high voltage connector,Entity
ATLAS performance specs,Entity
QC groups,Entity
Craig,Entity
Actions,Entity
HV tab bonding,Entity
volunteers,Entity
solder joint,Entity
Forest,Entity
UV glue,Entity
EC tooling design/roll-out,Entity
03/02/2020,Entity
Prototype HV tab holder,Entity
BPOL v5,Entity
EC Tabs,Entity
Introduction,Entity
Site Qualification Survey,Entity
appear,Entity
mechanical hybrids,Entity
Marc,Entity
powerboard performance,Entity
ITk week session,Entity
Dave,Entity
bag volume,Entity
Karo,Entity
Tony W,Entity
happy,Entity
Tony and Craig agreed that they would need to run it past Uli for BMBF part.,Event
The participants discussed the QC groups.,Event
The people listed as responsible will be contacted periodically for updates.,Event
Craig & Ingo suggested moving weighing and bonding to a later session.,Event
The next update expected for HV tab bonding is 03/02/2020.,Event
There were no questions.,Event
The minutes of the meeting were recorded on 28/01/20.,Event
It could be tricky to keep track of all the diodes when placing the sensor/module in the frame.,Event
It was confirmed that a 0.25mm core is okay.,Event
Marc was assigned to design and roll out the EC tooling.,Event
"From ITk week, don’t clean with isoprop, just DI water, seems isoprop makes surface stickier",Event
Updated versions will be uploaded to EDMS for discussion,Event
You must contact the people listed as responsible periodically.,Event
The quantity of samples for testing was discussed.,Event
A proposal was made to move all EC tabs to 5mm longer.,Event
AoB - BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more,Event
Uli/Kambiz/Dennis are responsible for EC hybrid/powerboard tendering,Event
Ash is responsible for Hybrid crate roll-out,Event
"Timon, Carl, and Satish were assigned to write a QC document for coils.",Event
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically for updates.,Event
Suction cup “hole” dimensions to be updated (mistake by Craig),Event
The actions carried over from the previous meeting were discussed.,Event
A study was conducted on the temperature dependence of UV glue.,Event
Carl/Timon are responsible for Barrel powerboard tendering,Event
Karola will add a link to the google sheet to the EC planning meeting agenda.,Event
500 coils in total were planned to be tested.,Event
It was useful to save time.,Event
Craig agreed to add the hybrid/module assembly group to the list in 3 months or so.,Event
Marc is responsible for EC tooling design/roll-out,Event
The diodes need to be placed carefully in the frame.,Event
Temperature-dependent calibration has been done.,Event
Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 03/02/2020,Event
Craig speaks in support of v4 for reasons of schedule risk and previous commitment,Event
Sven questioned the test coupon measurements.,Event
Vitaliy pointed out that it would be bit trickier due to output buffers.,Event
Review office was contacted about coil ordering by Tony A.,Event
It was decided not to move all EC tabs to 5mm longer.,Event
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were taken on 11/02/20.,Event
The ATLAS performance specs were mentioned.,Event
The next update expected for Powerboard mass tester roll-out is 03/02/2020.,Event
The EC HV tab jig was discussed.,Event
The QC boundaries of the coils were questioned from a powerboard performance point of view.,Event
A comment was made to move weighing and bonding later in the ITk week session.,Event
Jens is responsible for HV tab bonding,Event
Labels to be included on the PCB silk screen in case of running without transport frame in place.,Event
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates.,Event
A change proposal was discussed regarding the test coupon.,Event
The EC is using the same test coupon.,Event
Carl reported on the DCDC coil order.,Event
UV LED driver was discussed without any questions.,Event
Craig and Ingo explained that a watching brief requires regular updates.,Event
"People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!)",Event
Craig agreed to add this to the list in 3 months or so.,Event
It was confirmed that via chain will remain.,Event
The module transport frame for RFID should be okay.,Event
EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 03/02/2020,Event
The clearance was potentially at risk.,Event
Sion Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity,Event
Metal trace variability should not affect shield layer functionality.,Event
Carl and Timon were assigned to tender the barrel powerboard.,Event
Prague wants to order more mechanical hybrids.,Event
The participants decided to appear in the minutes from next week onwards.,Event
The high voltage connector for the barrel module frame and hybrid panel was discussed.,Event
Need to investigate the other materials available,Event
It was determined that glue amounts should be checked by weight.,Event
Actions carried over 1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish),Event
The participants agreed on the tasks and the next steps.,Event
Jane commented on the stencil reliability.,Event
Ash reported on the hybrid crate status.,Event
"Timon, Carl, and Satish were responsible for writing the QC document for coils.",Event
Site Qualification Survey (Karola) - No questions,Event
"US agrees with commitment to v4 and would keep baseline as v4 with a few v5 (100) for validation, Dennis doesn’t really care but is happy to stick to v4",Event
Nothing was reported from the introduction.,Event
The barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation was discussed.,Event
Tony and Craig agreed that they would need to run it past Didier et al.,Event
Also N2 flushed sealing rather than vacuum could be an option,Event
The next update expected for EC tooling design/roll-out is 03/02/2020.,Event
Craig & Ingo introduced the meeting.,Event
The ribbing on the barrel transport frame was optimised.,Event
BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more,Event
Craig and Ingo will email the ITk week presenters and upload the minutes to indico.,Event
QC groups are supposed to bring the group closer to a state with nice instructions for pre-production.,Event
"Carl, Satish, and Timon were tasked with writing a document on the QC steps.",Event
Satish questioned the QC boundaries of the coils.,Event
1. Send site quali document email (Karola),Event
It was confirmed that ASIC lands on test coupons identical to hybrids.,Event
"QC groups should be added to the list, including a hybrid/module assembly group.",Event
A prototype HV tab holder was discussed.,Event
There would be knock-on effects in the cold box design.,Event
The specs were defined more by what is possible with available wire.,Event
A 0.25mm core was confirmed to be okay.,Event
It was confirmed that temperature-dependent calibration has been done.,Event
Bob volunteers for electrical tests,Event
Satish discussed the DCDC coils.,Event
The meeting was introduced by Craig & Ingo.,Event
"16,000 for barrel makes sense to Dennis but looks like overhead is slightly different.",Event
Writing a QC document for coils was assigned as an action.,Event
Bob volunteered for electrical tests.,Event
Jane presented the UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence.,Event
Clearance on module transport frame for RFID was questioned.,Event
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were recorded on 28/01/20.,Event
The next update expected for Module thermal cycling roll-out is 03/02/2020.,Event
Sven clarified the ASIC lands on test coupons.,Event
"Uli, Kambiz, and Dennis were responsible for the tendering of the EC hybrid/powerboard.",Event
Barrel (Timon) was happy to sign-off.,Event
The mini display port labelling for the barrel module frame and hybrid panel was discussed.,Event
Satish answered that the QC steps would include magnet tests at Yale and irradiation at BNL.,Event
Dave asked how he should understand a watching brief.,Event
"Updates could be verbal, email, or slides in a meeting.",Event
"Items were left for discussion, including wire bonding.",Event
He prefers to keep the diodes on all four sides of the frame.,Event
QC groups are supposed to bring us closer to a state where we have those,Event
Craig & Ingo gave an introduction for the meeting.,Event
The group is supposed to comply with documents provided.,Event
Kambiz copied the design of the test coupon as far as Sven knows.,Event
Dennis will make Kambiz aware of the change proposal.,Event
Sven was responsible for finalizing and rolling out the barrel tooling design.,Event
The study was conducted.,Event
The roll-out of the hybrid crate was expected to begin on 03/02/2020.,Event
The pros of keeping the single connector were discussed.,Event
Clearance was questioned on the module transport frame for RFID.,Event
Craig introduced the topic of minutes.,Event
FMC-DP Status (Craig) - Send email to Craig if you need a “multi module to nexys” card (aka FMC-DP) by ITk week or afterwards,Event
"Assembly of box with threaded back-plane trickier without screw guidance, risk of sensor moving around whilst you are assembling",Event
There is risk to coupling preproduction to v5 schedule and we have already committed (deliberately) to v4,Event
The tender process is not yet complete.,Event
A question was raised on how to check glue amounts.,Event
Craig forgot that when assembling the box the transport frame is already screwed in place!!,Event
Sarah & Kunlin discussed mechanical endcap hybrids.,Event
"Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting",Event
Gerrit discussed the barrel transport frame.,Event
The people listed as responsible will be contacted periodically.,Event
"QC steps for coil order were discussed, with Satish answering.",Event
Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 03/02/2020,Event
Actions were carried over.,Event
It was confirmed that a stencil might be more reliable.,Event
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were recorded on 21/01/20.,Event
"DCDC coil order was discussed, with Barrel being happy to sign-off.",Event
The clearance on module transport frame for RFID was questioned.,Event
Timon/Karol are responsible for Powerboard mass tester roll-out,Event
This could be done along with the passive components.,Event
Test coupon measurements were taken.,Event
The next update expected for Barrel powerboard tendering is 03/02/2020.,Event
"Dave, Ankush, and Sergio were responsible for the roll-out of the module thermal cycling.",Event
Craig assigned tasks to the participants.,Event
It was confirmed that metal trace variability should not affect shield layer functionality.,Event
Sven discussed the barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation.,Event
Craig and Ingo introduced the meeting.,Event
Dennis & Marc discussed the EC HV tab jig.,Event
Dave/Ankush/Sergio are responsible for Module thermal cycling roll-out,Event
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly was discussed.,Event
QC document for coils was assigned to Timon/Carl/Satish to write.,Event
The responsible personnel were contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates.,Event
Prague wanted to order more mechanical hybrids.,Event
Groups need to comply with documents provided!,Event
Craig & Ingo: Anything else than in list on page 2?,Event
Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 03/02/2020,Event
EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 03/02/2020,Event
The status of powerboard test crate was discussed.,Event
A question was raised on whether the survey referred to all shipping options.,Event
The meeting minutes were recorded on 14/01/20.,Event
Actions were carried over at the meeting.,Event
Sven is responsible for Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out,Event
They also needed to run it past Didier et al.,Event
"Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting.",Event
Dennis suggested moving all EC Tabs to 5mm longer.,Event
Tony A was tasked with contacting the review office about coil ordering.,Event
Ribbing was added to the barrel transport frame.,Event
Craig and Ingo would be in touch with the responsible individuals periodically for updates.,Event
Craig & Ingo were responsible for emailing ITk week presenters and uploading to indico.,Event
sion Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity,Event
Phil pointed out that the action list is probably the most important part of all of this.,Event
Tests for the UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence were done without hardener.,Event
It is an understood risk to buy everything now.,Event
Luise provided a tutorial on uploading test results to the database.,Event
Bart and Ash were responsible for the tendering of the barrel hybrid.,Event
The cons of keeping the single connector were discussed.,Event
Craig and Ingo will contact the people listed as responsible periodically for updates.,Event
Dennis confirmed the core thickness.,Event
Gerrit likes the security of all 4 sides.,Event
The high voltage connector could be changed to be on a separate connector.,Event
Craig suggested doing the same on FMC-DP.,Event
Craig and Ash will iterate to make sure everything fits together.,Event
"The quantity of coils was evaluated by EC 10,000.",Event
The quantity of DCDC coils was evaluated.,Event
Ulli was also happy.,Event
It could improve safety and compatibility.,Event
Craig reported on the UV LED driver.,Event
"They discussed the powerboard mass tester, module thermal cycling setup, and hybrid crate setup.",Event
A stencil might be more reliable for the UV and polaris epoxy study.,Event
Forest added a talk about wire bonding.,Event
The injection moulding company optimised the ribbing.,Event
The powerboard performance was discussed.,Event
The actions carried over were to be written down in the minutes.,Event
Dennis agreed that Timon was happy.,Event
Bart/Ash are responsible for Barrel hybrid tendering,Event
Removing the diodes along one side or the other could be an option.,Event
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates,Event
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly is why typically PRR is the point that large numbers get bought.,Event
The minutes will appear in this space from next week onwards.,Event
Sticking suction cups,Event
Kambiz was informed about the change proposal.,Event
Suggestion for minutes to use Google Docs was made by Bart.,Event
Vitaliy commented that a prototype HV tab holder was useful.,Event
The introduction by Craig & Ingo was completed.,Event
Suggestion for minutes - (Bart) suggestion to use google docs for minutes and allow others to help with minuting.,Event
Generally seems to make the assembly nicer,Event
Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 03/02/2020,Event
They discussed the possible solutions such as back termination.,Event
10 samples from each 1/50 of production were tested.,Event
A UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence study was conducted.,Event
Will include discussion of specified suction cups,Event
The next update expected for Barrel hybrid tendering is 03/02/2020.,Event
SCIPP looking at side pocket solution,Event
Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 03/02/2020,Event
Craig asked about the QC steps.,Event
Karola asked about the shipping box survey.,Event
Mechanical endcap hybrids were discussed.,Event
Craig and Ingo mentioned that what was not in the list on page 2 was not discussed.,Event
Watching brief Item | Responsible | Next update expected HV tab bonding | Jens | 03/02/2020,Event
A shipping box survey was conducted.,Event
The QC boundaries for the DCDC coils were discussed.,Event
Bart suggested using Google Docs for minutes and allowing others to help with minuting.,Event
"How do you use the humidity indicators and dessicant with this box, looks like bag volume and sensor volume connection can be blocked by vacuum sealing",Event
Bart showed the prototype HV tab holder.,Event
Dennis confirmed the metal trace variability.,Event
Ordering of mechanical hybrids is not yet closed.,Event
Actions NONE,Event
"Actions were carried over from the meeting, including writing a QC document for coils.",Event
Tony suggested adding a hybrid/module assembly group to the list.,Event
Smaller suction cups and correct sized holes do help,Event
Craig & Ingo will contact the people periodically.,Event
The specs defined for the coils were not led by ATLAS performance specs.,Event
They were listed as responsible in the meeting.,Event
Jens was responsible for monitoring the HV tab bonding.,Event
Karola sent an email with the site quali document.,Event
Forest added an additional talk about wire bonding.,Event
The next update expected for EC hybrid/powerboard tendering is 03/02/2020.,Event
Email was sent around for volunteers for QC groups.,Event
We will push back on review to stick with v4 for preproduction,Event
The next update expected for Hybrid crate roll-out is 03/02/2020.,Event
Dave: how do I understand a watching brief?,Event
Labels for the mini display port were provided on the transport frames.,Event
Christian gave a status update on the powerboard test crate.,Event
The action items for the meeting were listed.,Event
The next update expected for Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out is 03/02/2020.,Event
"Hybrid crate status was discussed, with Craig suggesting doing the same on FMC-DP.",Event
The prototype HV tab holder was discussed.,Event
Vitaliy commented on the usefulness of the HV tab holder.,Event
Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 03/02/2020,Event
Timon and Karol were assigned to roll out the powerboard mass tester.,Event
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly was considered.,Event
Via chain will remain.,Event
expected,Relation
inform,Relation
finalised,Relation
planned,Relation
speak,Relation
copy,Relation
update,Relation
watched,Relation
test,Relation
led,Relation
need,Relation
carried,Relation
consider,Relation
contact,Relation
contacted,Relation
write,Relation
add,Relation
defined,Relation
forgot,Relation
held,Relation
should,Relation
email,Relation
discuss,Relation
acceptable,Relation
volunteer,Relation
given,Relation
because,Relation
stick,Relation
is participated by,Relation
recorded,Relation
be,Relation
as a result,Relation
comment,Relation
before,Relation
comply,Relation
was,Relation
present,Relation
bring,Relation
send,Relation
okay,Relation
written,Relation
give,Relation
agree,Relation
order,Relation
use,Relation
help,Relation
optimised,Relation
include,Relation
labelled,Relation
commit,Relation
check,Relation
question,Relation
is,Relation
start,Relation
makes,Relation
validate,Relation
evaluated,Relation
cause,Relation
added,Relation
after,Relation
tested,Relation
by,Relation
care,Relation
focus,Relation
has,Relation
will,Relation
carry,Relation
kept,Relation
different,Relation
at the same time,Relation
