text_id:ID,original_text,numeric_id,:LABEL
d09cbc229aa3dc7e983053d14b5ac15f5012b7cfdd8cba6764f33bb7a657b19a,"# 21/01/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting https://indico.cern.ch/event/874218/ ## Actions carried over 1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish) ## Watching brief Item | Responsible | Next update expected HV tab bonding | Jens | 03/02/2020 Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 03/02/2020 Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 03/02/2020 Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 03/02/2020 Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 03/02/2020 Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 03/02/2020 EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 03/02/2020 EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 03/02/2020 Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 03/02/2020 - People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!) - Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting ## ## Minutes ### Introduction (Craig & Ingo) - ### Tutorial: uploading test results to the database (Luise) - ### AoB - ## Actions 1.",0,Text
5eac987a97e7189186be3565e203572181b23a00dd1a59a09d226d707463902d,"# 07/01/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting https://indico.cern.ch/event/873749/ ## Watching brief WILL APPEAR IN THIS SPACE FROM NEXT WEEK ONWARDS ## Minutes ### Introduction (Craig) ##### Suggestion for minutes - (Bart) suggestion to use google docs for minutes and allow others to help with minuting - (Phil) the action list is probably the most important part of all of this ##### QC groups - (Tony) should we add a hybrid/module assembly group to the list - (Craig) to be added to this in 3 months or so - powerboard mass tester, module thermal cycling setup, hybrid crate setup ### Hybrid crate status (Ash) - (Craig) should do the same on FMC-DP - bit trickier due to output buffers - (Vitaliy) what is your scope bandwidth (1 GHz) so could make interpretation tricky - (Vitaliy) could try back termination? It’s already there… ### UV LED driver (Craig) - No questions ### DCDC coil order (Carl) - Barrel (Timon) happy to sign-off - (Tony/Craig) Would need to be run passed Uli for BMBF part - (Tony/Craig) Need to run past Didier et al. - can be done along with the passive components - Dennis also says he is happy if Timon is happy - Ulli happy - (Craig) what are the QC steps? Satish answers (Carl/Satish/Timon to write document): - Magnet tests at Yale - Irradiation at BNL - Temperature range at LBL - Solder joint Yale/LBL - Purchasing of components for production - Barrel powerboards - no (preprod first, then production) - Barrel hybrids - no (on 12 month cycle with company) - EC - no - Review office happy for us not to qualify all passives ### AoB - None ## Actions 1. Send around email for volunteers for QC groups and get them going (Craig) 1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish) 1. Contact review office about coil ordering (Tony A)",1,Text
dac09340d6c01098fad6e779c144a2d179271e7917cd4754ef3434b8d2f44f5f,"# 14/01/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting https://indico.cern.ch/event/874164/ ## Actions carried over 1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish) ## Watching brief Item | Responsible | Next update expected HV tab bonding | Jens | 03/02/2020 Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 03/02/2020 Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 03/02/2020 Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 03/02/2020 Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 03/02/2020 Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 03/02/2020 EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 03/02/2020 EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 03/02/2020 Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 03/02/2020 - People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!) - Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting ## ## Minutes ### Introduction (Craig & Ingo) - Anything else than in list on page 2? No comments - Dave: how do I understand a watching brief? - Give regular updates, more focus on those topics than usual - What are QC groups supposed to do? - Look through existing documents, identify open issues, present during ITk week what needs to be tackled next, what status is in general - Need nice instructions for pre-production, QC groups are supposed to bring us closer to a state where we have those - Groups need to comply with documents provided! - Bob volunteers for electrical tests - Start from documents that were written for module FDR ### Site Qualification Survey (Karola) - No questions ### FMC-DP Status (Craig) - Send email to Craig if you need a “multi module to nexys” card (aka FMC-DP) by ITk week or afterwards - Update google doc (linked in slides) for DAQ board counting ### AoB - None ## New Actions 1. Send site quali document email (Karola)",2,Text
a995a475ba808c5eb939a9eae012188866029398a0eae3a2c47ed76753d9a232,"# 28/01/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting https://indico.cern.ch/event/874219/ ## Actions carried over 1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish) ## Watching brief Item | Responsible | Next update expected HV tab bonding | Jens | 03/02/2020 Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 03/02/2020 Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 03/02/2020 Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 03/02/2020 Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 03/02/2020 Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 03/02/2020 EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 03/02/2020 EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 03/02/2020 Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 03/02/2020 - People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!) - Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting ## Minutes ### Introduction (Craig & Ingo) - Comment to move weighing and bonding later in the ITk week session to allow maximal US attendance - Will be done ### Shipping box survey (Karola) - Question on whether refers to all the shipping options - Answer, yes ### Prototype HV tab holder (Bart) - Sven not sure length is well defined, Bart to discuss with Tony W - However simple - something like this is useful to save time (Vitaliy) ### Test coupon measurements (Sven) - ASIC lands on test coupons identical to hybrids? - Yes - Metal trace variability should not affect shield layer functionality - Via chain will remain? - Yes - EC using same test coupon? - Kambiz copied the design as far as Sven knows - Dennis will make Kambiz aware of this change proposal ### Mechanical endcap hybrids (Sarah & Kunlin) - Is 0.25mm core ok Dennis? - Should be ok - Won’t know 100% until tender process complete/more developed - Prague would like to order more mechanical hybrids - Order is not yet closed, please fill in google sheet, Karo will add link to sheet to EC planning meeting agenda tomorrow ### UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence (Jane) - Temperature dependent calibration has been done (RAL) and worked reasonably for UV glue - not tried with Polaris - Stencil might be more reliable, but one has to be somewhat crafty to be able to use it reliably - How to check glue amounts? - Check by weight - Tests for this talk were done for Polaris without hardener ### EC HV tab jig (Dennis & Marc) - Should we move all EC Tabs to 5mm longer? - Better not to avoid knock on effects (e.g. in cold box design etc) and short tab will be produced anyway ### AoB - Forest chimes in with an additional talk about wire bonding - Will be added to the agenda ## Actions 1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish) 1. Email ITk week presenters and upload to indico (Craig/Ingo)",3,Text
3f2575c280313b6ed81bd10d7cfc65e40d51e1317748b98210b151fc8a2302a7,"# 11/02/20 - Minutes of Strip Module Meeting https://indico.cern.ch/event/874221/ ## Actions carried over NONE ## Watching brief Item | Responsible | Next update expected HV tab bonding | Jens | 27/02/2020 Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 02/03/2020 Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 02/03/2020 Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 02/03/2020 Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 17/02/2020 Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 28/02/2020 EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 17/02/2020 EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 02/03/2020 Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 29/02/2020 - People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!) - Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting ## ## Minutes ### Introduction (Craig & Ingo) - Nothing to report ### DCDC coils (Satish) - Are the QC boundaries acceptable from a powerboard performance point of view? - Satish thinks they are but there doesn’t seem to be any data to back this up - Specs defined more by what is possible with available wire rather than being led by ATLAS performance specs - How many samples will be tested? - 10 samples from each 1/50 of production - 500 coils total - How was the quantity evaluated? - EC 10,000 makes sense after discussion with production management - 16,000 for barrel makes sense to Dennis but looks like overhead is slightly different - The risk of yield numbers changing slightly is why typically PRR is the point that large numbers get bought - it is an understood risk to buy everything now ### Status of powerboard test crate (Christian) - No questions ### Barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation (Sven) - Clearance okay on module transport frame for RFID? - Should be okay - If necessary, Craig/Ash will iterate to make sure everything fits together - Can be tricky to keep track of all the diodes when placing the sensor/module in the frame - Worry that moving them in would make them work - Could think about removing them along one side or the other? - Gerrit likes the security of all 4 sides - High voltage connector - Can we change the high voltage to be on a separate connector? - Discussion of pros/cons - Pros = one connector, backward compatability - Cons = custom cable, H&S - Conclude to keep the single connector and look at providing a breakout board to commercial HV options (eg. LEMO) if people prefer that to home-made cables - Mini display port labelling - Labels are provided on the transport frames - silk screen on PCB is hidden by transport frame - Labels to be included on the PCB silk screen in case of running without transport frame in place (not recommended procedure!) ### Barrel transport frame (Gerrit) - Ribbing was added (optimised?) by the injection moulding company - For the next ver",4,Text
00711221323a066b15cd68a3242e122269131027f15588ba497cf28f2dad1749,"sion Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity - Suction cup “hole” dimensions to be updated (mistake by Craig) - Updated versions will be uploaded to EDMS for discussion - Will include discussion of specified suction cups - Assembly of box with threaded back-plane trickier without screw guidance, risk of sensor moving around whilst you are assembling - Craig forgot that when assembling the box the transport frame is already screwed in place!! - Generally seems to make the assembly nicer - Sticking suction cups - Smaller suction cups and correct sized holes do help - Need to investigate the other materials available - From ITk week, don’t clean with isoprop, just DI water, seems isoprop makes surface stickier - How do you use the humidity indicators and dessicant with this box, looks like bag volume and sensor volume connection can be blocked by vacuum sealing - SCIPP looking at side pocket solution - Also N2 flushed sealing rather than vacuum could be an option ### AoB - BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more - comment from BCP reviewer) - Craig speaks in support of v4 for reasons of schedule risk and previous commitment - US agrees with commitment to v4 and would keep baseline as v4 with a few v5 (100) for validation, Dennis doesn’t really care but is happy to stick to v4 - We will push back on review to stick with v4 for preproduction - There is risk to coupling preproduction to v5 schedule and we have already committed (deliberately) to v4 ### Actions NONE",5,Text
