name:ID,type,concepts,synsets,:LABEL
Minutes,entity,[],[],Node
Strip Module Meeting,entity,[],[],Node
Actions,entity,[],[],Node
over,entity,[],[],Node
document,entity,[],[],Node
coils,entity,[],[],Node
brief,entity,[],[],Node
HV tab bonding,entity,[],[],Node
update,entity,[],[],Node
03/02/2020,entity,[],[],Node
roll-out,entity,[],[],Node
Hybrid crate,entity,[],[],Node
responsible,entity,[],[],Node
Dave/Ankush/Sergio,entity,[],[],Node
updates,entity,[],[],Node
Craig & Ingo,entity,[],[],Node
meeting,entity,[],[],Node
Introduction,entity,[],[],Node
tutorial,entity,[],[],Node
uploading test results to the database,entity,[],[],Node
You must contact the people listed as responsible periodically.,event,[],[],Node
"Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting",event,[],[],Node
"Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting.",event,[],[],Node
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates,event,[],[],Node
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates.,event,[],[],Node
Craig & Ingo will contact the people periodically.,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for HV tab bonding is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Jens is responsible for HV tab bonding,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for Hybrid crate roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Ash is responsible for Hybrid crate roll-out,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for Module thermal cycling roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Dave/Ankush/Sergio are responsible for Module thermal cycling roll-out,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for Powerboard mass tester roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Timon/Karol are responsible for Powerboard mass tester roll-out,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for Barrel hybrid tendering is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Bart/Ash are responsible for Barrel hybrid tendering,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for Barrel powerboard tendering is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Carl/Timon are responsible for Barrel powerboard tendering,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for EC hybrid/powerboard tendering is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Uli/Kambiz/Dennis are responsible for EC hybrid/powerboard tendering,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for EC tooling design/roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Marc is responsible for EC tooling design/roll-out,event,[],[],Node
The next update expected for Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Sven is responsible for Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out,event,[],[],Node
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were recorded on 21/01/20.,event,[],[],Node
CERN,entity,[],[],Node
Craig,entity,[],[],Node
Ingo,entity,[],[],Node
"Timon, Carl, and Satish were assigned to write a QC document for coils.",event,[],[],Node
Timon,entity,[],[],Node
Carl,entity,[],[],Node
Satish,entity,[],[],Node
Jens was responsible for monitoring the HV tab bonding.,event,[],[],Node
Jens,entity,[],[],Node
The roll-out of the hybrid crate was expected to begin on 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],Node
Ash,entity,[],[],Node
"Dave, Ankush, and Sergio were responsible for the roll-out of the module thermal cycling.",event,[],[],Node
Dave,entity,[],[],Node
Ankush,entity,[],[],Node
Sergio,entity,[],[],Node
Timon and Karol were assigned to roll out the powerboard mass tester.,event,[],[],Node
Karol,entity,[],[],Node
Bart and Ash were responsible for the tendering of the barrel hybrid.,event,[],[],Node
Bart,entity,[],[],Node
Carl and Timon were assigned to tender the barrel powerboard.,event,[],[],Node
"Uli, Kambiz, and Dennis were responsible for the tendering of the EC hybrid/powerboard.",event,[],[],Node
Uli,entity,[],[],Node
Kambiz,entity,[],[],Node
Dennis,entity,[],[],Node
Marc was assigned to design and roll out the EC tooling.,event,[],[],Node
Marc,entity,[],[],Node
Sven was responsible for finalizing and rolling out the barrel tooling design.,event,[],[],Node
Sven,entity,[],[],Node
Craig and Ingo would be in touch with the responsible individuals periodically for updates.,event,[],[],Node
Luise provided a tutorial on uploading test results to the database.,event,[],[],Node
Luise,entity,[],[],Node
Strip Module Meeting Minutes,entity,[],[],Node
appear,entity,[],[],Node
google docs,entity,[],[],Node
minutes,entity,[],[],Node
action list,entity,[],[],Node
important,entity,[],[],Node
QC groups,entity,[],[],Node
add,entity,[],[],Node
powerboard mass tester,entity,[],[],Node
list,entity,[],[],Node
module thermal cycling setup,entity,[],[],Node
hybrid crate setup,entity,[],[],Node
Hybrid crate status,entity,[],[],Node
do,entity,[],[],Node
FMC-DP,entity,[],[],Node
trickier,entity,[],[],Node
output buffers,entity,[],[],Node
trickiness,entity,[],[],Node
UV LED driver,entity,[],[],Node
no questions,entity,[],[],Node
DCDC coil order,entity,[],[],Node
be run,entity,[],[],Node
sign-off,entity,[],[],Node
Didier et al.,entity,[],[],Node
QC steps,entity,[],[],Node
magnet tests,entity,[],[],Node
irradiation,entity,[],[],Node
temperature range,entity,[],[],Node
solder joint,entity,[],[],Node
purchasing components,entity,[],[],Node
Barrel powerboards,entity,[],[],Node
not,entity,[],[],Node
Barrel hybrids,entity,[],[],Node
EC,entity,[],[],Node
Review office,entity,[],[],Node
happy,entity,[],[],Node
email,entity,[],[],Node
volunteers,entity,[],[],Node
QC document,entity,[],[],Node
Timon/Carl/Satish,entity,[],[],Node
review office,entity,[],[],Node
Tony A,entity,[],[],Node
The participants decided to appear in the minutes from next week onwards.,event,[],[],Node
The minutes will appear in this space from next week onwards.,event,[],[],Node
Craig introduced the topic of minutes.,event,[],[],Node
Suggestion for minutes - (Bart) suggestion to use google docs for minutes and allow others to help with minuting.,event,[],[],Node
Bart suggested using Google Docs for minutes and allowing others to help with minuting.,event,[],[],Node
Phil pointed out that the action list is probably the most important part of all of this.,event,[],[],Node
The participants discussed the QC groups.,event,[],[],Node
Tony suggested adding a hybrid/module assembly group to the list.,event,[],[],Node
Craig agreed to add this to the list in 3 months or so.,event,[],[],Node
Craig agreed to add the hybrid/module assembly group to the list in 3 months or so.,event,[],[],Node
"They discussed the powerboard mass tester, module thermal cycling setup, and hybrid crate setup.",event,[],[],Node
Ash reported on the hybrid crate status.,event,[],[],Node
Craig suggested doing the same on FMC-DP.,event,[],[],Node
Vitaliy pointed out that it would be bit trickier due to output buffers.,event,[],[],Node
They discussed the possible solutions such as back termination.,event,[],[],Node
Craig reported on the UV LED driver.,event,[],[],Node
There were no questions.,event,[],[],Node
Carl reported on the DCDC coil order.,event,[],[],Node
Barrel (Timon) was happy to sign-off.,event,[],[],Node
Tony and Craig agreed that they would need to run it past Uli for BMBF part.,event,[],[],Node
They also needed to run it past Didier et al.,event,[],[],Node
Tony and Craig agreed that they would need to run it past Didier et al.,event,[],[],Node
This could be done along with the passive components.,event,[],[],Node
Dennis agreed that Timon was happy.,event,[],[],Node
Ulli was also happy.,event,[],[],Node
Craig asked about the QC steps.,event,[],[],Node
Satish answered that the QC steps would include magnet tests at Yale and irradiation at BNL.,event,[],[],Node
"Carl, Satish, and Timon were tasked with writing a document on the QC steps.",event,[],[],Node
Tony A was tasked with contacting the review office about coil ordering.,event,[],[],Node
Craig assigned tasks to the participants.,event,[],[],Node
The participants agreed on the tasks and the next steps.,event,[],[],Node
Suggestion for minutes to use Google Docs was made by Bart.,event,[],[],Node
Phil,entity,[],[],Node
"QC groups should be added to the list, including a hybrid/module assembly group.",event,[],[],Node
Tony,entity,[],[],Node
"Hybrid crate status was discussed, with Craig suggesting doing the same on FMC-DP.",event,[],[],Node
Vitaliy,entity,[],[],Node
UV LED driver was discussed without any questions.,event,[],[],Node
"DCDC coil order was discussed, with Barrel being happy to sign-off.",event,[],[],Node
Ulli,entity,[],[],Node
"QC steps for coil order were discussed, with Satish answering.",event,[],[],Node
Email was sent around for volunteers for QC groups.,event,[],[],Node
QC document for coils was assigned to Timon/Carl/Satish to write.,event,[],[],Node
Review office was contacted about coil ordering by Tony A.,event,[],[],Node
pre-production,entity,[],[],Node
documents,entity,[],[],Node
Updates,entity,[],[],Node
topics,entity,[],[],Node
Instructions,entity,[],[],Node
google doc,entity,[],[],Node
Site Qualification Survey,entity,[],[],Node
FDR,entity,[],[],Node
Electrical tests,entity,[],[],Node
Bob,entity,[],[],Node
The meeting minutes were recorded on 14/01/20.,event,[],[],Node
The actions carried over from the previous meeting were discussed.,event,[],[],Node
The actions carried over were to be written down in the minutes.,event,[],[],Node
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically for updates.,event,[],[],Node
The people listed as responsible will be contacted periodically for updates.,event,[],[],Node
Dave asked how he should understand a watching brief.,event,[],[],Node
Dave: how do I understand a watching brief?,event,[],[],Node
Craig and Ingo explained that a watching brief requires regular updates.,event,[],[],Node
Craig and Ingo mentioned that what was not in the list on page 2 was not discussed.,event,[],[],Node
Craig & Ingo: Anything else than in list on page 2?,event,[],[],Node
Bob volunteered for electrical tests.,event,[],[],Node
Bob volunteers for electrical tests,event,[],[],Node
The group is supposed to comply with documents provided.,event,[],[],Node
Groups need to comply with documents provided!,event,[],[],Node
QC groups are supposed to bring the group closer to a state with nice instructions for pre-production.,event,[],[],Node
QC groups are supposed to bring us closer to a state where we have those,event,[],[],Node
Karola sent an email with the site quali document.,event,[],[],Node
1. Send site quali document email (Karola),event,[],[],Node
Actions carried over 1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish),event,[],[],Node
Watching brief Item | Responsible | Next update expected HV tab bonding | Jens | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],Node
"People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!)",event,[],[],Node
Site Qualification Survey (Karola) - No questions,event,[],[],Node
Karola,entity,[],[],Node
FMC-DP Status (Craig) - Send email to Craig if you need a “multi module to nexys” card (aka FMC-DP) by ITk week or afterwards,event,[],[],Node
ITk week session,entity,[],[],Node
shipping box survey,entity,[],[],Node
Tony W,entity,[],[],Node
Prototype HV tab holder,entity,[],[],Node
test coupon design,entity,[],[],Node
Sarah & Kunlin,entity,[],[],Node
mechanical hybrids,entity,[],[],Node
0.25mm core,entity,[],[],Node
Jane,entity,[],[],Node
UV glue,entity,[],[],Node
Dennis & Marc,entity,[],[],Node
EC Tabs,entity,[],[],Node
ITk week presenters,entity,[],[],Node
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were recorded on 28/01/20.,event,[],[],Node
"Actions were carried over from the meeting, including writing a QC document for coils.",event,[],[],Node
Craig and Ingo will contact the people listed as responsible periodically for updates.,event,[],[],Node
"Updates could be verbal, email, or slides in a meeting.",event,[],[],Node
Craig and Ingo introduced the meeting.,event,[],[],Node
A comment was made to move weighing and bonding later in the ITk week session.,event,[],[],Node
A shipping box survey was conducted.,event,[],[],Node
A question was raised on whether the survey referred to all shipping options.,event,[],[],Node
A prototype HV tab holder was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
It was useful to save time.,event,[],[],Node
Vitaliy commented that a prototype HV tab holder was useful.,event,[],[],Node
The prototype HV tab holder was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
Test coupon measurements were taken.,event,[],[],Node
It was confirmed that ASIC lands on test coupons identical to hybrids.,event,[],[],Node
Metal trace variability should not affect shield layer functionality.,event,[],[],Node
It was confirmed that metal trace variability should not affect shield layer functionality.,event,[],[],Node
Via chain will remain.,event,[],[],Node
It was confirmed that via chain will remain.,event,[],[],Node
The EC is using the same test coupon.,event,[],[],Node
Kambiz copied the design of the test coupon as far as Sven knows.,event,[],[],Node
Dennis will make Kambiz aware of the change proposal.,event,[],[],Node
A change proposal was discussed regarding the test coupon.,event,[],[],Node
Mechanical endcap hybrids were discussed.,event,[],[],Node
It was confirmed that a 0.25mm core is okay.,event,[],[],Node
A 0.25mm core was confirmed to be okay.,event,[],[],Node
The tender process is not yet complete.,event,[],[],Node
Prague wants to order more mechanical hybrids.,event,[],[],Node
Ordering of mechanical hybrids is not yet closed.,event,[],[],Node
Karola will add a link to the google sheet to the EC planning meeting agenda.,event,[],[],Node
A UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence study was conducted.,event,[],[],Node
It was confirmed that temperature-dependent calibration has been done.,event,[],[],Node
Temperature-dependent calibration has been done.,event,[],[],Node
The study was conducted.,event,[],[],Node
A stencil might be more reliable for the UV and polaris epoxy study.,event,[],[],Node
It was confirmed that a stencil might be more reliable.,event,[],[],Node
It was determined that glue amounts should be checked by weight.,event,[],[],Node
A question was raised on how to check glue amounts.,event,[],[],Node
Tests for the UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence were done without hardener.,event,[],[],Node
A study was conducted on the temperature dependence of UV glue.,event,[],[],Node
The EC HV tab jig was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
A proposal was made to move all EC tabs to 5mm longer.,event,[],[],Node
It was decided not to move all EC tabs to 5mm longer.,event,[],[],Node
There would be knock-on effects in the cold box design.,event,[],[],Node
Forest added an additional talk about wire bonding.,event,[],[],Node
"Items were left for discussion, including wire bonding.",event,[],[],Node
Craig and Ingo will email the ITk week presenters and upload the minutes to indico.,event,[],[],Node
The minutes of the meeting were recorded on 28/01/20.,event,[],[],Node
Writing a QC document for coils was assigned as an action.,event,[],[],Node
Craig & Ingo introduced the meeting.,event,[],[],Node
Craig & Ingo suggested moving weighing and bonding to a later session.,event,[],[],Node
Karola asked about the shipping box survey.,event,[],[],Node
Bart showed the prototype HV tab holder.,event,[],[],Node
Vitaliy commented on the usefulness of the HV tab holder.,event,[],[],Node
Sven questioned the test coupon measurements.,event,[],[],Node
Sven clarified the ASIC lands on test coupons.,event,[],[],Node
Dennis confirmed the metal trace variability.,event,[],[],Node
Kambiz was informed about the change proposal.,event,[],[],Node
Sarah & Kunlin discussed mechanical endcap hybrids.,event,[],[],Node
Sarah,entity,[],[],Node
Kunlin,entity,[],[],Node
Dennis confirmed the core thickness.,event,[],[],Node
Prague wanted to order more mechanical hybrids.,event,[],[],Node
Prague,entity,[],[],Node
Karo,entity,[],[],Node
Jane presented the UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence.,event,[],[],Node
Jane commented on the stencil reliability.,event,[],[],Node
Dennis & Marc discussed the EC HV tab jig.,event,[],[],Node
Dennis suggested moving all EC Tabs to 5mm longer.,event,[],[],Node
Forest added a talk about wire bonding.,event,[],[],Node
Forest,entity,[],[],Node
Craig & Ingo were responsible for emailing ITk week presenters and uploading to indico.,event,[],[],Node
"Timon, Carl, and Satish were responsible for writing the QC document for coils.",event,[],[],Node
actions,entity,[],[],Node
Hybrid crate roll-out,entity,[],[],Node
Module thermal cycling roll-out,entity,[],[],Node
Powerboard mass tester roll-out,entity,[],[],Node
Barrel hybrid tendering,entity,[],[],Node
Barrel powerboard tendering,entity,[],[],Node
EC hybrid/powerboard tendering,entity,[],[],Node
EC tooling design/roll-out,entity,[],[],Node
Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out,entity,[],[],Node
DCDC coils,entity,[],[],Node
specs,entity,[],[],Node
QC boundaries,entity,[],[],Node
powerboard performance,entity,[],[],Node
ATLAS performance specs,entity,[],[],Node
wire,entity,[],[],Node
samples,entity,[],[],Node
production,entity,[],[],Node
quantity,entity,[],[],Node
"EC 10,000",entity,[],[],Node
overhead,entity,[],[],Node
barrel,entity,[],[],Node
Barrel module frame,entity,[],[],Node
hybrid panel,entity,[],[],Node
module transport frame,entity,[],[],Node
clearance,entity,[],[],Node
high voltage connector,entity,[],[],Node
single connector,entity,[],[],Node
mini display port,entity,[],[],Node
labelling,entity,[],[],Node
ribbing,entity,[],[],Node
transport frame,entity,[],[],Node
injection moulding company,entity,[],[],Node
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were taken on 11/02/20.,event,[],[],Node
Actions were carried over at the meeting.,event,[],[],Node
Actions were carried over.,event,[],[],Node
The responsible personnel were contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates.,event,[],[],Node
They were listed as responsible in the meeting.,event,[],[],Node
The meeting was introduced by Craig & Ingo.,event,[],[],Node
Nothing was reported from the introduction.,event,[],[],Node
Satish discussed the DCDC coils.,event,[],[],Node
The QC boundaries of the coils were questioned from a powerboard performance point of view.,event,[],[],Node
The specs defined for the coils were not led by ATLAS performance specs.,event,[],[],Node
The specs were defined more by what is possible with available wire.,event,[],[],Node
10 samples from each 1/50 of production were tested.,event,[],[],Node
Satish questioned the QC boundaries of the coils.,event,[],[],Node
500 coils in total were planned to be tested.,event,[],[],Node
"The quantity of coils was evaluated by EC 10,000.",event,[],[],Node
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly was considered.,event,[],[],Node
"16,000 for barrel makes sense to Dennis but looks like overhead is slightly different.",event,[],[],Node
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly is why typically PRR is the point that large numbers get bought.,event,[],[],Node
It is an understood risk to buy everything now.,event,[],[],Node
The status of powerboard test crate was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
The introduction by Craig & Ingo was completed.,event,[],[],Node
The barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
Clearance on module transport frame for RFID was questioned.,event,[],[],Node
The clearance was potentially at risk.,event,[],[],Node
The module transport frame for RFID should be okay.,event,[],[],Node
Clearance was questioned on the module transport frame for RFID.,event,[],[],Node
Craig and Ash will iterate to make sure everything fits together.,event,[],[],Node
The clearance on module transport frame for RFID was questioned.,event,[],[],Node
It could be tricky to keep track of all the diodes when placing the sensor/module in the frame.,event,[],[],Node
The diodes need to be placed carefully in the frame.,event,[],[],Node
Removing the diodes along one side or the other could be an option.,event,[],[],Node
Gerrit likes the security of all 4 sides.,event,[],[],Node
He prefers to keep the diodes on all four sides of the frame.,event,[],[],Node
The high voltage connector could be changed to be on a separate connector.,event,[],[],Node
It could improve safety and compatibility.,event,[],[],Node
The pros of keeping the single connector were discussed.,event,[],[],Node
The cons of keeping the single connector were discussed.,event,[],[],Node
Labels for the mini display port were provided on the transport frames.,event,[],[],Node
Labels to be included on the PCB silk screen in case of running without transport frame in place.,event,[],[],Node
Ribbing was added to the barrel transport frame.,event,[],[],Node
The injection moulding company optimised the ribbing.,event,[],[],Node
Craig & Ingo gave an introduction for the meeting.,event,[],[],Node
The quantity of DCDC coils was evaluated.,event,[],[],Node
production management,entity,[],[],Node
Christian gave a status update on the powerboard test crate.,event,[],[],Node
Christian,entity,[],[],Node
Sven discussed the barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation.,event,[],[],Node
The high voltage connector for the barrel module frame and hybrid panel was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
Gerrit,entity,[],[],Node
The mini display port labelling for the barrel module frame and hybrid panel was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
Gerrit discussed the barrel transport frame.,event,[],[],Node
The ribbing on the barrel transport frame was optimised.,event,[],[],Node
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
The ATLAS performance specs were mentioned.,event,[],[],Node
ATLAS,entity,[],[],Node
The quantity of samples for testing was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
The powerboard performance was discussed.,event,[],[],Node
The QC boundaries for the DCDC coils were discussed.,event,[],[],Node
The people listed as responsible will be contacted periodically.,event,[],[],Node
The action items for the meeting were listed.,event,[],[],Node
suction cups,entity,[],[],Node
assembly,entity,[],[],Node
surface,entity,[],[],Node
DI water,entity,[],[],Node
isoprop,entity,[],[],Node
humidity indicators,entity,[],[],Node
box,entity,[],[],Node
dessicant,entity,[],[],Node
BPOL v4,entity,[],[],Node
BPOL v5,entity,[],[],Node
preproduction,entity,[],[],Node
US,entity,[],[],Node
Sion Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity,event,[],[],Node
Suction cup “hole” dimensions to be updated (mistake by Craig),event,[],[],Node
Updated versions will be uploaded to EDMS for discussion,event,[],[],Node
Will include discussion of specified suction cups,event,[],[],Node
"Assembly of box with threaded back-plane trickier without screw guidance, risk of sensor moving around whilst you are assembling",event,[],[],Node
Craig forgot that when assembling the box the transport frame is already screwed in place!!,event,[],[],Node
Generally seems to make the assembly nicer,event,[],[],Node
Sticking suction cups,event,[],[],Node
Smaller suction cups and correct sized holes do help,event,[],[],Node
Need to investigate the other materials available,event,[],[],Node
"From ITk week, don’t clean with isoprop, just DI water, seems isoprop makes surface stickier",event,[],[],Node
"How do you use the humidity indicators and dessicant with this box, looks like bag volume and sensor volume connection can be blocked by vacuum sealing",event,[],[],Node
SCIPP looking at side pocket solution,event,[],[],Node
Also N2 flushed sealing rather than vacuum could be an option,event,[],[],Node
BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more,event,[],[],Node
Craig speaks in support of v4 for reasons of schedule risk and previous commitment,event,[],[],Node
"US agrees with commitment to v4 and would keep baseline as v4 with a few v5 (100) for validation, Dennis doesn’t really care but is happy to stick to v4",event,[],[],Node
We will push back on review to stick with v4 for preproduction,event,[],[],Node
There is risk to coupling preproduction to v5 schedule and we have already committed (deliberately) to v4,event,[],[],Node
Actions NONE,event,[],[],Node
sion Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity,event,[],[],Node
sion Hongbo,entity,[],[],Node
them,entity,[],[],Node
EDMS,entity,[],[],Node
sensor,entity,[],[],Node
screw guidance,entity,[],[],Node
holes,entity,[],[],Node
ITk week,entity,[],[],Node
bag volume,entity,[],[],Node
sensor volume,entity,[],[],Node
vacuum sealing,entity,[],[],Node
SCIPP,entity,[],[],Node
side pocket,entity,[],[],Node
N2,entity,[],[],Node
vacuum,entity,[],[],Node
sealing,entity,[],[],Node
AoB - BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more,event,[],[],Node
AoB,entity,[],[],Node
schedule,entity,[],[],Node
previous commitment,entity,[],[],Node
validation,entity,[],[],Node
we,entity,[],[],Node
