name:ID,type,concepts,synsets,numeric_id,:LABEL
Minutes,entity,[],[],0,Node
Strip Module Meeting,entity,[],[],1,Node
Actions,entity,[],[],2,Node
over,entity,[],[],3,Node
document,entity,[],[],4,Node
coils,entity,[],[],5,Node
brief,entity,[],[],6,Node
HV tab bonding,entity,[],[],7,Node
update,entity,[],[],8,Node
03/02/2020,entity,[],[],9,Node
roll-out,entity,[],[],10,Node
Hybrid crate,entity,[],[],11,Node
responsible,entity,[],[],12,Node
Dave/Ankush/Sergio,entity,[],[],13,Node
updates,entity,[],[],14,Node
Craig & Ingo,entity,[],[],15,Node
meeting,entity,[],[],16,Node
Introduction,entity,[],[],17,Node
tutorial,entity,[],[],18,Node
uploading test results to the database,entity,[],[],19,Node
You must contact the people listed as responsible periodically.,event,[],[],20,Node
"Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting",event,[],[],21,Node
"Updates could be verbal, email or slides in a meeting.",event,[],[],22,Node
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates,event,[],[],23,Node
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates.,event,[],[],24,Node
Craig & Ingo will contact the people periodically.,event,[],[],25,Node
The next update expected for HV tab bonding is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],26,Node
Jens is responsible for HV tab bonding,event,[],[],27,Node
The next update expected for Hybrid crate roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],28,Node
Ash is responsible for Hybrid crate roll-out,event,[],[],29,Node
The next update expected for Module thermal cycling roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],30,Node
Dave/Ankush/Sergio are responsible for Module thermal cycling roll-out,event,[],[],31,Node
The next update expected for Powerboard mass tester roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],32,Node
Timon/Karol are responsible for Powerboard mass tester roll-out,event,[],[],33,Node
The next update expected for Barrel hybrid tendering is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],34,Node
Bart/Ash are responsible for Barrel hybrid tendering,event,[],[],35,Node
The next update expected for Barrel powerboard tendering is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],36,Node
Carl/Timon are responsible for Barrel powerboard tendering,event,[],[],37,Node
The next update expected for EC hybrid/powerboard tendering is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],38,Node
Uli/Kambiz/Dennis are responsible for EC hybrid/powerboard tendering,event,[],[],39,Node
The next update expected for EC tooling design/roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],40,Node
Marc is responsible for EC tooling design/roll-out,event,[],[],41,Node
The next update expected for Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out is 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],42,Node
Sven is responsible for Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out,event,[],[],43,Node
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were recorded on 21/01/20.,event,[],[],44,Node
CERN,entity,[],[],45,Node
Craig,entity,[],[],46,Node
Ingo,entity,[],[],47,Node
"Timon, Carl, and Satish were assigned to write a QC document for coils.",event,[],[],48,Node
Timon,entity,[],[],49,Node
Carl,entity,[],[],50,Node
Satish,entity,[],[],51,Node
Jens was responsible for monitoring the HV tab bonding.,event,[],[],52,Node
Jens,entity,[],[],53,Node
The roll-out of the hybrid crate was expected to begin on 03/02/2020.,event,[],[],54,Node
Ash,entity,[],[],55,Node
"Dave, Ankush, and Sergio were responsible for the roll-out of the module thermal cycling.",event,[],[],56,Node
Dave,entity,[],[],57,Node
Ankush,entity,[],[],58,Node
Sergio,entity,[],[],59,Node
Timon and Karol were assigned to roll out the powerboard mass tester.,event,[],[],60,Node
Karol,entity,[],[],61,Node
Bart and Ash were responsible for the tendering of the barrel hybrid.,event,[],[],62,Node
Bart,entity,[],[],63,Node
Carl and Timon were assigned to tender the barrel powerboard.,event,[],[],64,Node
"Uli, Kambiz, and Dennis were responsible for the tendering of the EC hybrid/powerboard.",event,[],[],65,Node
Uli,entity,[],[],66,Node
Kambiz,entity,[],[],67,Node
Dennis,entity,[],[],68,Node
Marc was assigned to design and roll out the EC tooling.,event,[],[],69,Node
Marc,entity,[],[],70,Node
Sven was responsible for finalizing and rolling out the barrel tooling design.,event,[],[],71,Node
Sven,entity,[],[],72,Node
Craig and Ingo would be in touch with the responsible individuals periodically for updates.,event,[],[],73,Node
Luise provided a tutorial on uploading test results to the database.,event,[],[],74,Node
Luise,entity,[],[],75,Node
Strip Module Meeting Minutes,entity,[],[],76,Node
appear,entity,[],[],77,Node
google docs,entity,[],[],78,Node
minutes,entity,[],[],79,Node
action list,entity,[],[],80,Node
important,entity,[],[],81,Node
QC groups,entity,[],[],82,Node
add,entity,[],[],83,Node
powerboard mass tester,entity,[],[],84,Node
list,entity,[],[],85,Node
module thermal cycling setup,entity,[],[],86,Node
hybrid crate setup,entity,[],[],87,Node
Hybrid crate status,entity,[],[],88,Node
do,entity,[],[],89,Node
FMC-DP,entity,[],[],90,Node
trickier,entity,[],[],91,Node
output buffers,entity,[],[],92,Node
trickiness,entity,[],[],93,Node
UV LED driver,entity,[],[],94,Node
no questions,entity,[],[],95,Node
DCDC coil order,entity,[],[],96,Node
be run,entity,[],[],97,Node
sign-off,entity,[],[],98,Node
Didier et al.,entity,[],[],99,Node
QC steps,entity,[],[],100,Node
magnet tests,entity,[],[],101,Node
irradiation,entity,[],[],102,Node
temperature range,entity,[],[],103,Node
solder joint,entity,[],[],104,Node
purchasing components,entity,[],[],105,Node
Barrel powerboards,entity,[],[],106,Node
not,entity,[],[],107,Node
Barrel hybrids,entity,[],[],108,Node
EC,entity,[],[],109,Node
Review office,entity,[],[],110,Node
happy,entity,[],[],111,Node
email,entity,[],[],112,Node
volunteers,entity,[],[],113,Node
QC document,entity,[],[],114,Node
Timon/Carl/Satish,entity,[],[],115,Node
review office,entity,[],[],116,Node
Tony A,entity,[],[],117,Node
The participants decided to appear in the minutes from next week onwards.,event,[],[],118,Node
The minutes will appear in this space from next week onwards.,event,[],[],119,Node
Craig introduced the topic of minutes.,event,[],[],120,Node
Suggestion for minutes - (Bart) suggestion to use google docs for minutes and allow others to help with minuting.,event,[],[],121,Node
Bart suggested using Google Docs for minutes and allowing others to help with minuting.,event,[],[],122,Node
Phil pointed out that the action list is probably the most important part of all of this.,event,[],[],123,Node
The participants discussed the QC groups.,event,[],[],124,Node
Tony suggested adding a hybrid/module assembly group to the list.,event,[],[],125,Node
Craig agreed to add this to the list in 3 months or so.,event,[],[],126,Node
Craig agreed to add the hybrid/module assembly group to the list in 3 months or so.,event,[],[],127,Node
"They discussed the powerboard mass tester, module thermal cycling setup, and hybrid crate setup.",event,[],[],128,Node
Ash reported on the hybrid crate status.,event,[],[],129,Node
Craig suggested doing the same on FMC-DP.,event,[],[],130,Node
Vitaliy pointed out that it would be bit trickier due to output buffers.,event,[],[],131,Node
They discussed the possible solutions such as back termination.,event,[],[],132,Node
Craig reported on the UV LED driver.,event,[],[],133,Node
There were no questions.,event,[],[],134,Node
Carl reported on the DCDC coil order.,event,[],[],135,Node
Barrel (Timon) was happy to sign-off.,event,[],[],136,Node
Tony and Craig agreed that they would need to run it past Uli for BMBF part.,event,[],[],137,Node
They also needed to run it past Didier et al.,event,[],[],138,Node
Tony and Craig agreed that they would need to run it past Didier et al.,event,[],[],139,Node
This could be done along with the passive components.,event,[],[],140,Node
Dennis agreed that Timon was happy.,event,[],[],141,Node
Ulli was also happy.,event,[],[],142,Node
Craig asked about the QC steps.,event,[],[],143,Node
Satish answered that the QC steps would include magnet tests at Yale and irradiation at BNL.,event,[],[],144,Node
"Carl, Satish, and Timon were tasked with writing a document on the QC steps.",event,[],[],145,Node
Tony A was tasked with contacting the review office about coil ordering.,event,[],[],146,Node
Craig assigned tasks to the participants.,event,[],[],147,Node
The participants agreed on the tasks and the next steps.,event,[],[],148,Node
Suggestion for minutes to use Google Docs was made by Bart.,event,[],[],149,Node
Phil,entity,[],[],150,Node
"QC groups should be added to the list, including a hybrid/module assembly group.",event,[],[],151,Node
Tony,entity,[],[],152,Node
"Hybrid crate status was discussed, with Craig suggesting doing the same on FMC-DP.",event,[],[],153,Node
Vitaliy,entity,[],[],154,Node
UV LED driver was discussed without any questions.,event,[],[],155,Node
"DCDC coil order was discussed, with Barrel being happy to sign-off.",event,[],[],156,Node
Ulli,entity,[],[],157,Node
"QC steps for coil order were discussed, with Satish answering.",event,[],[],158,Node
Email was sent around for volunteers for QC groups.,event,[],[],159,Node
QC document for coils was assigned to Timon/Carl/Satish to write.,event,[],[],160,Node
Review office was contacted about coil ordering by Tony A.,event,[],[],161,Node
pre-production,entity,[],[],162,Node
documents,entity,[],[],163,Node
Updates,entity,[],[],164,Node
topics,entity,[],[],165,Node
Instructions,entity,[],[],166,Node
google doc,entity,[],[],167,Node
Site Qualification Survey,entity,[],[],168,Node
FDR,entity,[],[],169,Node
Electrical tests,entity,[],[],170,Node
Bob,entity,[],[],171,Node
The meeting minutes were recorded on 14/01/20.,event,[],[],172,Node
The actions carried over from the previous meeting were discussed.,event,[],[],173,Node
The actions carried over were to be written down in the minutes.,event,[],[],174,Node
People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically for updates.,event,[],[],175,Node
The people listed as responsible will be contacted periodically for updates.,event,[],[],176,Node
Dave asked how he should understand a watching brief.,event,[],[],177,Node
Dave: how do I understand a watching brief?,event,[],[],178,Node
Craig and Ingo explained that a watching brief requires regular updates.,event,[],[],179,Node
Craig and Ingo mentioned that what was not in the list on page 2 was not discussed.,event,[],[],180,Node
Craig & Ingo: Anything else than in list on page 2?,event,[],[],181,Node
Bob volunteered for electrical tests.,event,[],[],182,Node
Bob volunteers for electrical tests,event,[],[],183,Node
The group is supposed to comply with documents provided.,event,[],[],184,Node
Groups need to comply with documents provided!,event,[],[],185,Node
QC groups are supposed to bring the group closer to a state with nice instructions for pre-production.,event,[],[],186,Node
QC groups are supposed to bring us closer to a state where we have those,event,[],[],187,Node
Karola sent an email with the site quali document.,event,[],[],188,Node
1. Send site quali document email (Karola),event,[],[],189,Node
Actions carried over 1. Write QC document for coils (Timon/Carl/Satish),event,[],[],190,Node
Watching brief Item | Responsible | Next update expected HV tab bonding | Jens | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],191,Node
Hybrid crate roll-out | Ash | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],192,Node
Module thermal cycling roll-out | Dave/Ankush/Sergio | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],193,Node
Powerboard mass tester roll-out | Timon/Karol | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],194,Node
Barrel hybrid tendering | Bart/Ash | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],195,Node
Barrel powerboard tendering | Carl/Timon | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],196,Node
EC hybrid/powerboard tendering | Uli/Kambiz/Dennis | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],197,Node
EC tooling design/roll-out | Marc | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],198,Node
Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out | Sven | 03/02/2020,event,[],[],199,Node
"People listed as responsible will be contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates (certainly on the date listed, if not before!)",event,[],[],200,Node
Site Qualification Survey (Karola) - No questions,event,[],[],201,Node
Karola,entity,[],[],202,Node
FMC-DP Status (Craig) - Send email to Craig if you need a “multi module to nexys” card (aka FMC-DP) by ITk week or afterwards,event,[],[],203,Node
ITk week session,entity,[],[],204,Node
shipping box survey,entity,[],[],205,Node
Tony W,entity,[],[],206,Node
Prototype HV tab holder,entity,[],[],207,Node
test coupon design,entity,[],[],208,Node
Sarah & Kunlin,entity,[],[],209,Node
mechanical hybrids,entity,[],[],210,Node
0.25mm core,entity,[],[],211,Node
Jane,entity,[],[],212,Node
UV glue,entity,[],[],213,Node
Dennis & Marc,entity,[],[],214,Node
EC Tabs,entity,[],[],215,Node
ITk week presenters,entity,[],[],216,Node
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were recorded on 28/01/20.,event,[],[],217,Node
"Actions were carried over from the meeting, including writing a QC document for coils.",event,[],[],218,Node
Craig and Ingo will contact the people listed as responsible periodically for updates.,event,[],[],219,Node
"Updates could be verbal, email, or slides in a meeting.",event,[],[],220,Node
Craig and Ingo introduced the meeting.,event,[],[],221,Node
A comment was made to move weighing and bonding later in the ITk week session.,event,[],[],222,Node
A shipping box survey was conducted.,event,[],[],223,Node
A question was raised on whether the survey referred to all shipping options.,event,[],[],224,Node
A prototype HV tab holder was discussed.,event,[],[],225,Node
It was useful to save time.,event,[],[],226,Node
Vitaliy commented that a prototype HV tab holder was useful.,event,[],[],227,Node
The prototype HV tab holder was discussed.,event,[],[],228,Node
Test coupon measurements were taken.,event,[],[],229,Node
It was confirmed that ASIC lands on test coupons identical to hybrids.,event,[],[],230,Node
Metal trace variability should not affect shield layer functionality.,event,[],[],231,Node
It was confirmed that metal trace variability should not affect shield layer functionality.,event,[],[],232,Node
Via chain will remain.,event,[],[],233,Node
It was confirmed that via chain will remain.,event,[],[],234,Node
The EC is using the same test coupon.,event,[],[],235,Node
Kambiz copied the design of the test coupon as far as Sven knows.,event,[],[],236,Node
Dennis will make Kambiz aware of the change proposal.,event,[],[],237,Node
A change proposal was discussed regarding the test coupon.,event,[],[],238,Node
Mechanical endcap hybrids were discussed.,event,[],[],239,Node
It was confirmed that a 0.25mm core is okay.,event,[],[],240,Node
A 0.25mm core was confirmed to be okay.,event,[],[],241,Node
The tender process is not yet complete.,event,[],[],242,Node
Prague wants to order more mechanical hybrids.,event,[],[],243,Node
Ordering of mechanical hybrids is not yet closed.,event,[],[],244,Node
Karola will add a link to the google sheet to the EC planning meeting agenda.,event,[],[],245,Node
A UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence study was conducted.,event,[],[],246,Node
It was confirmed that temperature-dependent calibration has been done.,event,[],[],247,Node
Temperature-dependent calibration has been done.,event,[],[],248,Node
The study was conducted.,event,[],[],249,Node
A stencil might be more reliable for the UV and polaris epoxy study.,event,[],[],250,Node
It was confirmed that a stencil might be more reliable.,event,[],[],251,Node
It was determined that glue amounts should be checked by weight.,event,[],[],252,Node
A question was raised on how to check glue amounts.,event,[],[],253,Node
Tests for the UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence were done without hardener.,event,[],[],254,Node
A study was conducted on the temperature dependence of UV glue.,event,[],[],255,Node
The EC HV tab jig was discussed.,event,[],[],256,Node
A proposal was made to move all EC tabs to 5mm longer.,event,[],[],257,Node
It was decided not to move all EC tabs to 5mm longer.,event,[],[],258,Node
There would be knock-on effects in the cold box design.,event,[],[],259,Node
Forest added an additional talk about wire bonding.,event,[],[],260,Node
"Items were left for discussion, including wire bonding.",event,[],[],261,Node
Craig and Ingo will email the ITk week presenters and upload the minutes to indico.,event,[],[],262,Node
The minutes of the meeting were recorded on 28/01/20.,event,[],[],263,Node
Writing a QC document for coils was assigned as an action.,event,[],[],264,Node
Craig & Ingo introduced the meeting.,event,[],[],265,Node
Craig & Ingo suggested moving weighing and bonding to a later session.,event,[],[],266,Node
Karola asked about the shipping box survey.,event,[],[],267,Node
Bart showed the prototype HV tab holder.,event,[],[],268,Node
Vitaliy commented on the usefulness of the HV tab holder.,event,[],[],269,Node
Sven questioned the test coupon measurements.,event,[],[],270,Node
Sven clarified the ASIC lands on test coupons.,event,[],[],271,Node
Dennis confirmed the metal trace variability.,event,[],[],272,Node
Kambiz was informed about the change proposal.,event,[],[],273,Node
Sarah & Kunlin discussed mechanical endcap hybrids.,event,[],[],274,Node
Sarah,entity,[],[],275,Node
Kunlin,entity,[],[],276,Node
Dennis confirmed the core thickness.,event,[],[],277,Node
Prague wanted to order more mechanical hybrids.,event,[],[],278,Node
Prague,entity,[],[],279,Node
Karo,entity,[],[],280,Node
Jane presented the UV and polaris epoxy temperature dependence.,event,[],[],281,Node
Jane commented on the stencil reliability.,event,[],[],282,Node
Dennis & Marc discussed the EC HV tab jig.,event,[],[],283,Node
Dennis suggested moving all EC Tabs to 5mm longer.,event,[],[],284,Node
Forest added a talk about wire bonding.,event,[],[],285,Node
Forest,entity,[],[],286,Node
Craig & Ingo were responsible for emailing ITk week presenters and uploading to indico.,event,[],[],287,Node
"Timon, Carl, and Satish were responsible for writing the QC document for coils.",event,[],[],288,Node
actions,entity,[],[],289,Node
Hybrid crate roll-out,entity,[],[],290,Node
Module thermal cycling roll-out,entity,[],[],291,Node
Powerboard mass tester roll-out,entity,[],[],292,Node
Barrel hybrid tendering,entity,[],[],293,Node
Barrel powerboard tendering,entity,[],[],294,Node
EC hybrid/powerboard tendering,entity,[],[],295,Node
EC tooling design/roll-out,entity,[],[],296,Node
Barrel tooling design finalisation/roll-out,entity,[],[],297,Node
DCDC coils,entity,[],[],298,Node
specs,entity,[],[],299,Node
QC boundaries,entity,[],[],300,Node
powerboard performance,entity,[],[],301,Node
ATLAS performance specs,entity,[],[],302,Node
wire,entity,[],[],303,Node
samples,entity,[],[],304,Node
production,entity,[],[],305,Node
quantity,entity,[],[],306,Node
"EC 10,000",entity,[],[],307,Node
overhead,entity,[],[],308,Node
barrel,entity,[],[],309,Node
Barrel module frame,entity,[],[],310,Node
hybrid panel,entity,[],[],311,Node
module transport frame,entity,[],[],312,Node
clearance,entity,[],[],313,Node
high voltage connector,entity,[],[],314,Node
single connector,entity,[],[],315,Node
mini display port,entity,[],[],316,Node
labelling,entity,[],[],317,Node
ribbing,entity,[],[],318,Node
transport frame,entity,[],[],319,Node
injection moulding company,entity,[],[],320,Node
The minutes of the Strip Module Meeting were taken on 11/02/20.,event,[],[],321,Node
Actions were carried over at the meeting.,event,[],[],322,Node
Actions were carried over.,event,[],[],323,Node
The responsible personnel were contacted periodically by Craig & Ingo for updates.,event,[],[],324,Node
They were listed as responsible in the meeting.,event,[],[],325,Node
The meeting was introduced by Craig & Ingo.,event,[],[],326,Node
Nothing was reported from the introduction.,event,[],[],327,Node
Satish discussed the DCDC coils.,event,[],[],328,Node
The QC boundaries of the coils were questioned from a powerboard performance point of view.,event,[],[],329,Node
The specs defined for the coils were not led by ATLAS performance specs.,event,[],[],330,Node
The specs were defined more by what is possible with available wire.,event,[],[],331,Node
10 samples from each 1/50 of production were tested.,event,[],[],332,Node
Satish questioned the QC boundaries of the coils.,event,[],[],333,Node
500 coils in total were planned to be tested.,event,[],[],334,Node
"The quantity of coils was evaluated by EC 10,000.",event,[],[],335,Node
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly was considered.,event,[],[],336,Node
"16,000 for barrel makes sense to Dennis but looks like overhead is slightly different.",event,[],[],337,Node
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly is why typically PRR is the point that large numbers get bought.,event,[],[],338,Node
It is an understood risk to buy everything now.,event,[],[],339,Node
The status of powerboard test crate was discussed.,event,[],[],340,Node
The introduction by Craig & Ingo was completed.,event,[],[],341,Node
The barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation was discussed.,event,[],[],342,Node
Clearance on module transport frame for RFID was questioned.,event,[],[],343,Node
The clearance was potentially at risk.,event,[],[],344,Node
The module transport frame for RFID should be okay.,event,[],[],345,Node
Clearance was questioned on the module transport frame for RFID.,event,[],[],346,Node
Craig and Ash will iterate to make sure everything fits together.,event,[],[],347,Node
The clearance on module transport frame for RFID was questioned.,event,[],[],348,Node
It could be tricky to keep track of all the diodes when placing the sensor/module in the frame.,event,[],[],349,Node
The diodes need to be placed carefully in the frame.,event,[],[],350,Node
Removing the diodes along one side or the other could be an option.,event,[],[],351,Node
Gerrit likes the security of all 4 sides.,event,[],[],352,Node
He prefers to keep the diodes on all four sides of the frame.,event,[],[],353,Node
The high voltage connector could be changed to be on a separate connector.,event,[],[],354,Node
It could improve safety and compatibility.,event,[],[],355,Node
The pros of keeping the single connector were discussed.,event,[],[],356,Node
The cons of keeping the single connector were discussed.,event,[],[],357,Node
Labels for the mini display port were provided on the transport frames.,event,[],[],358,Node
Labels to be included on the PCB silk screen in case of running without transport frame in place.,event,[],[],359,Node
Ribbing was added to the barrel transport frame.,event,[],[],360,Node
The injection moulding company optimised the ribbing.,event,[],[],361,Node
Craig & Ingo gave an introduction for the meeting.,event,[],[],362,Node
The quantity of DCDC coils was evaluated.,event,[],[],363,Node
production management,entity,[],[],364,Node
Christian gave a status update on the powerboard test crate.,event,[],[],365,Node
Christian,entity,[],[],366,Node
Sven discussed the barrel module frame and hybrid panel finalisation.,event,[],[],367,Node
The high voltage connector for the barrel module frame and hybrid panel was discussed.,event,[],[],368,Node
Gerrit,entity,[],[],369,Node
The mini display port labelling for the barrel module frame and hybrid panel was discussed.,event,[],[],370,Node
Gerrit discussed the barrel transport frame.,event,[],[],371,Node
The ribbing on the barrel transport frame was optimised.,event,[],[],372,Node
The risk of yield numbers changing slightly was discussed.,event,[],[],373,Node
The ATLAS performance specs were mentioned.,event,[],[],374,Node
ATLAS,entity,[],[],375,Node
The quantity of samples for testing was discussed.,event,[],[],376,Node
The powerboard performance was discussed.,event,[],[],377,Node
The QC boundaries for the DCDC coils were discussed.,event,[],[],378,Node
The people listed as responsible will be contacted periodically.,event,[],[],379,Node
The action items for the meeting were listed.,event,[],[],380,Node
suction cups,entity,[],[],381,Node
assembly,entity,[],[],382,Node
surface,entity,[],[],383,Node
DI water,entity,[],[],384,Node
isoprop,entity,[],[],385,Node
humidity indicators,entity,[],[],386,Node
box,entity,[],[],387,Node
dessicant,entity,[],[],388,Node
BPOL v4,entity,[],[],389,Node
BPOL v5,entity,[],[],390,Node
preproduction,entity,[],[],391,Node
US,entity,[],[],392,Node
Sion Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity,event,[],[],393,Node
Suction cup “hole” dimensions to be updated (mistake by Craig),event,[],[],394,Node
Updated versions will be uploaded to EDMS for discussion,event,[],[],395,Node
Will include discussion of specified suction cups,event,[],[],396,Node
"Assembly of box with threaded back-plane trickier without screw guidance, risk of sensor moving around whilst you are assembling",event,[],[],397,Node
Craig forgot that when assembling the box the transport frame is already screwed in place!!,event,[],[],398,Node
Generally seems to make the assembly nicer,event,[],[],399,Node
Sticking suction cups,event,[],[],400,Node
Smaller suction cups and correct sized holes do help,event,[],[],401,Node
Need to investigate the other materials available,event,[],[],402,Node
"From ITk week, don’t clean with isoprop, just DI water, seems isoprop makes surface stickier",event,[],[],403,Node
"How do you use the humidity indicators and dessicant with this box, looks like bag volume and sensor volume connection can be blocked by vacuum sealing",event,[],[],404,Node
SCIPP looking at side pocket solution,event,[],[],405,Node
Also N2 flushed sealing rather than vacuum could be an option,event,[],[],406,Node
BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more,event,[],[],407,Node
Craig speaks in support of v4 for reasons of schedule risk and previous commitment,event,[],[],408,Node
"US agrees with commitment to v4 and would keep baseline as v4 with a few v5 (100) for validation, Dennis doesn’t really care but is happy to stick to v4",event,[],[],409,Node
We will push back on review to stick with v4 for preproduction,event,[],[],410,Node
There is risk to coupling preproduction to v5 schedule and we have already committed (deliberately) to v4,event,[],[],411,Node
Actions NONE,event,[],[],412,Node
sion Hongbo will discuss with them to see if we can optimise the ribbing a bit more to improve planarity,event,[],[],413,Node
sion Hongbo,entity,[],[],414,Node
them,entity,[],[],415,Node
EDMS,entity,[],[],416,Node
sensor,entity,[],[],417,Node
screw guidance,entity,[],[],418,Node
holes,entity,[],[],419,Node
ITk week,entity,[],[],420,Node
bag volume,entity,[],[],421,Node
sensor volume,entity,[],[],422,Node
vacuum sealing,entity,[],[],423,Node
SCIPP,entity,[],[],424,Node
side pocket,entity,[],[],425,Node
N2,entity,[],[],426,Node
vacuum,entity,[],[],427,Node
sealing,entity,[],[],428,Node
AoB - BPOL v4 vs. v5 (we previously committed to v4 for preproduction but could consider v5 if schedule does not change any more,event,[],[],429,Node
AoB,entity,[],[],430,Node
schedule,entity,[],[],431,Node
previous commitment,entity,[],[],432,Node
validation,entity,[],[],433,Node
we,entity,[],[],434,Node
